# Transcript: 🔴 GT7 | Grand Valley - New Week Of Daily Racing! | Live 🔴

Source video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O-AfZNXuGBg
Language: en (auto-generated) · Duration: 4:26:20 · Words: 30021

## Transcript
[2:51] Amen. Oh, hello hello everyone. Welcome Amen. Oh, hello hello everyone. Welcome uh welcome back to another live stream uh welcome back to another live stream uh welcome back to another live stream and welcome back to well more daily and welcome back to well more daily and welcome back to well more daily races. So uh we are back with more daily races. So uh we are back with more daily races. So uh we are back with more daily racing as you probably can see and it's racing as you probably can see and it's racing as you probably can see and it's a new week and it's I mean we even a new week and it's I mean we even a new week and it's I mean we even before this week we knew what uh what before this week we knew what uh what before this week we knew what uh what it's all all going to be about. So, we it's all all going to be about. So, we it's all all going to be about. So, we got special stage RTX, Fuji, and Grand got special stage RTX, Fuji, and Grand got special stage RTX, Fuji, and Grand Valley Highway 1. And um it seems like Valley Highway 1. And um it seems like Valley Highway 1. And um it seems like there is a 1,000% increase in reward for there is a 1,000% increase in reward for there is a 1,000% increase in reward for daily [music]

[3:21] daily [music] daily [music] race B, which is also quite interesting. race B, which is also quite interesting. race B, which is also quite interesting. And also, we got this kind of a meme And also, we got this kind of a meme And also, we got this kind of a meme combo, which Yeah, it it it is kind of a combo, which Yeah, it it it is kind of a combo, which Yeah, it it it is kind of a meme combo. It isn't. Yeah, it is meme combo. It isn't. Yeah, it is meme combo. It isn't. Yeah, it is usually a meme combo. Uh special stage usually a meme combo. Uh special stage usually a meme combo. Uh special stage route X route X route X H. Um, but before we even get into it, H. Um, but before we even get into it, H. Um, but before we even get into it, before we get into daily race uh C, before we get into daily race uh C, before we get into daily race uh C, hello everyone and welcome to this new hello everyone and welcome to this new hello everyone and welcome to this new week. And I got to say hi to Boret Greg week. And I got to say hi to Boret Greg week. And I got to say hi to Boret Greg is here. Samo Bibbo, Sailor Kimon,

[3:55] is here. Samo Bibbo, Sailor Kimon, is here. Samo Bibbo, Sailor Kimon, Nightbot, Nightbot, Nightbot, you're just a bot, man. Petrol, hi you're just a bot, man. Petrol, hi you're just a bot, man. Petrol, hi there. Marian, Seba is here as well. And there. Marian, Seba is here as well. And there. Marian, Seba is here as well. And John, John is usually the first. So, John, John is usually the first. So, John, John is usually the first. So, hello. Hello to everyone in the [music] hello. Hello to everyone in the [music] hello. Hello to everyone in the [music] chat. And I think I'll have to Yeah, I chat. And I think I'll have to Yeah, I chat. And I think I'll have to Yeah, I think I'll have to like slightly adjust think I'll have to like slightly adjust think I'll have to like slightly adjust the angle of the pedal cam. I think it the angle of the pedal cam. I think it the angle of the pedal cam. I think it moved a little bit. Um, moved a little bit. Um, moved a little bit. Um, but Ven Hi there. So, what is the name but Ven Hi there. So, what is the name but Ven Hi there. So, what is the name of the theme song? of the theme song? of the theme song? What if I told you it's AI?

[4:28] So, I don't really have like a theme So, I don't really have like a theme song, but there was like a really really song, but there was like a really really song, but there was like a really really good way to avoid copyright strikes and good way to avoid copyright strikes and good way to avoid copyright strikes and uh a difficulty of finding music when uh a difficulty of finding music when uh a difficulty of finding music when you're doing anything online. So, I just you're doing anything online. So, I just you're doing anything online. So, I just went to Suno and played with it a went to Suno and played with it a went to Suno and played with it a little. So, yeah, that's that's simply little. So, yeah, that's that's simply little. So, yeah, that's that's simply what it is. Let me just uh get into this what it is. Let me just uh get into this what it is. Let me just uh get into this one, but let me fix the pedal cam. I one, but let me fix the pedal cam. I one, but let me fix the pedal cam. I think I don't know why it moved. Maybe think I don't know why it moved. Maybe think I don't know why it moved. Maybe it's not. Probably if you it's not. Probably if you it's not. Probably if you Okay, something like this is going to be Okay, something like this is going to be Okay, something like this is going to be okay. Yeah, if you probably watched my

[4:59] okay. Yeah, if you probably watched my okay. Yeah, if you probably watched my video, you already know how it all looks video, you already know how it all looks video, you already know how it all looks like. And um like. And um like. And um I said if it works, it works. Well, Well, man, that is actually crazy. That is man, that is actually crazy. That is man, that is actually crazy. That is pretty crazy when you think about it. pretty crazy when you think about it. pretty crazy when you think about it. But uh just avoiding copyright strikes But uh just avoiding copyright strikes But uh just avoiding copyright strikes is even crazier. Okay, I did do need to is even crazier. Okay, I did do need to is even crazier. Okay, I did do need to buy the soft tires. I don't Okay, so I buy the soft tires. I don't Okay, so I buy the soft tires. I don't Okay, so I would really like to begin this day with

[5:29] would really like to begin this day with would really like to begin this day with just the usual casual um just the usual casual um just the usual casual um yeah, just like a warm-up race where yeah, just like a warm-up race where yeah, just like a warm-up race where I'll start from the back. I might do a I'll start from the back. I might do a I'll start from the back. I might do a lap, I don't know. And uh some I wish lap, I don't know. And uh some I wish lap, I don't know. And uh some I wish this is my space. This we don't let this is my space. This we don't let this is my space. This we don't let anyone touch this. I know. It was uh it was probably me I know. It was uh it was probably me like shooting shooting the video and uh like shooting shooting the video and uh like shooting shooting the video and uh like moving [music] stuff around. So, it

[5:59] like moving [music] stuff around. So, it like moving [music] stuff around. So, it is it is definitely my bet. What is is it is definitely my bet. What is is it is definitely my bet. What is going to be the meta? I mean, I'm using going to be the meta? I mean, I'm using going to be the meta? I mean, I'm using the Citroen and I can already tell you the Citroen and I can already tell you the Citroen and I can already tell you like the Citroen is going to be the meta like the Citroen is going to be the meta like the Citroen is going to be the meta of the week of the week of the week because how competitive it really is. because how competitive it really is. because how competitive it really is. It's a man cave. My favorite part of the It's a man cave. My favorite part of the It's a man cave. My favorite part of the day is not seeing Tokyo. Huh.

[6:33] Just a second. Just a second. Um, I'm actually contacting I'm actually contacting my mechanic. I'm actually contacting my mechanic. I need to put the new brakes on.

[7:37] Oh, if she unplugged any. No, no, no. Oh, if she unplugged any. No, no, no. You know what is the worst thing of it? You know what is the worst thing of it? You know what is the worst thing of it? When Okay. when we are like I don't know When Okay. when we are like I don't know When Okay. when we are like I don't know why why it even happens but basically why why it even happens but basically why why it even happens but basically when AC is running when [music] like a when AC is running when [music] like a when AC is running when [music] like a lot of these lot of these lot of these appliances are working like drawing a appliances are working like drawing a appliances are working like drawing a lot of power and then I lose [music] lot of power and then I lose [music] lot of power and then I lose [music] power and I'm like why and that's like the worst [music] why and that's like the worst [music] thing that I get disconnected lose a thing that I get disconnected lose a thing that I get disconnected lose a couple of thousand DR points and you couple of thousand DR points and you couple of thousand DR points and you know I can I can basically call it a day

[8:08] know I can I can basically call it a day know I can I can basically call it a day let's see on the softs I think this one let's see on the softs I think this one let's see on the softs I think this one is going to be quite uh But I'm not is going to be quite uh But I'm not is going to be quite uh But I'm not going to say quite an easy one. Let's see. I don't know if it's going to Let's see. I don't know if it's going to be that difficult to overtake here. be that difficult to overtake here. be that difficult to overtake here. Probably not. And yeah, by the way, I Probably not. And yeah, by the way, I Probably not. And yeah, by the way, I don't know if you see it. Uh I got I got don't know if you see it. Uh I got I got don't know if you see it. Uh I got I got new springs for the pedals. new springs for the pedals. new springs for the pedals. And you know how I've been like uh And you know how I've been like uh And you know how I've been like uh trying to twist my preload every once in trying to twist my preload every once in trying to twist my preload every once in a while because it was well, it was it a while because it was well, it was it a while because it was well, it was it was basically [music] too loose. It was

[8:38] was basically [music] too loose. It was was basically [music] too loose. It was not designed to to be like that. Now I not designed to to be like that. Now I not designed to to be like that. Now I got new springs like a little bit longer got new springs like a little bit longer got new springs like a little bit longer and uh yeah, now everything is and uh yeah, now everything is and uh yeah, now everything is everything is perfect and I don't have everything is perfect and I don't have everything is perfect and I don't have to change the preload [music] every once to change the preload [music] every once to change the preload [music] every once in a while. I can let you know. I can post it on I can let you know. I can post it on Discord if anyone [music] is interested. You can overtake. You can overtake. You can overtake.

[9:09] You can overtake. You can overtake. Okay, but the real question is, Okay, but the real question is, Okay, but the real question is, is it like fake racing? [music] And when is it like fake racing? [music] And when is it like fake racing? [music] And when do I need to stop? Probably mediums do I need to stop? Probably mediums do I need to stop? Probably mediums first, right? I I would assume mediums first, right? I I would assume mediums first, right? I I would assume mediums [music] first. [music] first. [music] first. You know what? I can just put in a lap You know what? I can just put in a lap You know what? I can just put in a lap time, which is at least in my [music] time, which is at least in my [music] time, which is at least in my [music] opinion, which is going to be pretty opinion, which is going to be pretty opinion, which is going to be pretty terrible. So, let's see. terrible. So, let's see. terrible. So, let's see. Lost AB. Hello [music] there. Uh, end of Lost AB. Hello [music] there. Uh, end of Lost AB. Hello [music] there. Uh, end of lap five. So, it's like an equal split.

[9:41] Do I want to set the lap time? Do I want to set the lap time? Okay, with a 57.

[10:17] And by the way, we got a new update this And by the way, we got a new update this week [music] coming in. A couple of new cars. A couple of new cars. Okay, that's not good. End the fourth and you can save the End the fourth and you can save the tires really well. tires really well. tires really well. Um Um Um I think here I think here I think here I think it's just going to be better to

[10:48] I think it's just going to be better to I think it's just going to be better to pit a little bit later because there are pit a little bit later because there are pit a little bit later because there are like a lot of these corners where you like a lot of these corners where you like a lot of these corners where you can just destroy the tires early on. can just destroy the tires early on. can just destroy the tires early on. Yeah, cater him. I'm expecting new Yeah, cater him. I'm expecting new Yeah, cater him. I'm expecting new a new time trial with it hopefully. Okay, I don't want to post this lap Okay, I don't want to post this lap time.

[11:28] A BP [music] update as well. A BP [music] update as well. Yes. Yeah. I mean, I don't think we Yes. Yeah. I mean, I don't think we Yes. Yeah. I mean, I don't think we will, actually. I really don't think we will, actually. I really don't think we will, actually. I really don't think we will. will. will. Just imagine cater being a good four Just imagine cater being a good four Just imagine cater being a good four car. car. car. That would be interesting.

[11:58] And we even got panic potato here. And we even got panic potato here. Hello, guys. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. This is what I expected. Yeah. Yeah. This is what I expected. Yeah. Yeah. This is what I expected. [music] No BOP because why? I mean, we [music] No BOP because why? I mean, we [music] No BOP because why? I mean, we are kind of in these later stages or

[12:29] are kind of in these later stages or are kind of in these later stages or fairly late stages of this game. So, I'm fairly late stages of this game. So, I'm fairly late stages of this game. So, I'm just expecting that most of the effort just expecting that most of the effort just expecting that most of the effort is going towards is going towards is going towards the next title.

[13:07] New physics. Ah, so they didn't give up New physics. Ah, so they didn't give up on this. Okay. on this. Okay. on this. Okay. New physics. New physics. New physics. Why new physics now? I mean, Why new physics now? I mean, Why new physics now? I mean, okay. Care used first. [music] Okay. okay. Care used first. [music] Okay. okay. Care used first. [music] Okay. first and then second, I assume. Okay, then I messed it up. I don't have Okay, then I messed it up. I don't have to go that wide, I believe. I don't even to go that wide, I believe. I don't even to go that wide, I believe. I don't even know why I'm doing it. And there we go.

[13:37] know why I'm doing it. And there we go. know why I'm doing it. And there we go. Maybe testing. Maybe testing. Maybe testing. That's a good point. That's actually an That's a good point. That's actually an That's a good point. That's actually an amazing point there. Yeah.

[15:07] Well, SA is helping. Let's see. Well, SA is helping. Let's see. First and then [music] second. Okay. First and then [music] second. Okay. First and then [music] second. Okay. Okay. I got track limits. Who cares? Um, Okay. I got track limits. Who cares? Um, Okay. I got track limits. Who cares? Um, yeah. Probably the Citroen is going to yeah. Probably the Citroen is going to yeah. Probably the Citroen is going to be the car to go with, right? That's be the car to go with, right? That's be the car to go with, right? That's usually what it is here. Okay. Rotate Okay. Rotate October, November.

[15:41] Yeah, probably Yeah, probably more I would say more even November more I would say more even November more I would say more even November rather than October. And it's probably going to be announced And it's probably going to be announced like next week we will have new physics, like next week we will have new physics, like next week we will have new physics, something like that. Osama.

[16:31] Okay, Okay, let's see what the field looks like and let's see what the field looks like and let's see what the field looks like and then we will uh we'll try to improve the then we will uh we'll try to improve the then we will uh we'll try to improve the lap time. Okay, rotate. Do I need to tap the Okay, rotate. Do I need to tap the brakes there? brakes there? brakes there? Probably. Probably. Probably. I guess I'll find out soon.

[17:21] Yeah. forever, I guess. Break a little Yeah. forever, I guess. Break a little bit more. I'll uh bit more. I'll uh bit more. I'll uh Yeah.

[18:02] That is not so bad, I guess. That is not so bad, I guess. So, 57. I would need to get a 55. Luc is So, 57. I would need to get a 55. Luc is So, 57. I would need to get a 55. Luc is doing a 556 and 557. doing a 556 and 557. doing a 556 and 557. Okay, I'm in the meta, so he should be Okay, I'm in the meta, so he should be Okay, I'm in the meta, so he should be okay. Thank you. Well, let's see how this one Thank you. Well, let's see how this one is going to go. is going to go. is going to go. And um And um And um yeah,

[19:00] I guess the ideal pit window, as you I guess the ideal pit window, as you guys told me, is around lap four, lap guys told me, is around lap four, lap guys told me, is around lap four, lap five. five. five. We'll see. Hello, Daniel. I still need We'll see. Hello, Daniel. I still need We'll see. Hello, Daniel. I still need to send you the package. Andre, hi there. Lap four, five. Okay. Andre, hi there. Lap four, five. Okay. So, I'm supposed to start So, I'm supposed to start So, I'm supposed to start um I mean, let's see how this is going to I mean, let's see how this is going to look like. I don't think the Genesis is

[19:30] look like. I don't think the Genesis is look like. I don't think the Genesis is going to be that degrade on tires, going to be that degrade on tires, going to be that degrade on tires, but it has quite a good acceleration. but it has quite a good acceleration. but it has quite a good acceleration. [music] So radar is on as usual, [music] So radar is on as usual, [music] So radar is on as usual, but this is going to be like a typical but this is going to be like a typical but this is going to be like a typical tire saving race, at least in my tire saving race, at least in my tire saving race, at least in my opinion. opinion. opinion. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I think tire saving is Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I think tire saving is Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I think tire saving is going to be very, very important here. going to be very, very important here. going to be very, very important here. Mediums and soft tires. So, let's just Mediums and soft tires. So, let's just Mediums and soft tires. So, let's just see how that's going to go. I can't cut see how that's going to go. I can't cut see how that's going to go. I can't cut the corners. And he definitely went too the corners. And he definitely went too the corners. And he definitely went too wide there

[20:01] wide there wide there potentially potentially potentially or someone is going to be destroyed or someone is going to be destroyed or someone is going to be destroyed and I'll maybe even lose a place because and I'll maybe even lose a place because and I'll maybe even lose a place because of it. of it. of it. Like yeah, usually minding your own Like yeah, usually minding your own Like yeah, usually minding your own business here, it's not a good strategy.

[20:43] That's going to [music] be tough. That's going to [music] be tough. That'll be quite tough to overtake. Yeah, you can definitely overtake, but Yeah, you can definitely overtake, but maybe at the end of the straight, maybe. maybe at the end of the straight, maybe. maybe at the end of the straight, maybe. But I see a lot of smoke there. So, I But I see a lot of smoke there. So, I But I see a lot of smoke there. So, I don't know how it's going to go. don't know how it's going to go. don't know how it's going to go. And Genesis is definitely slower. And Genesis is definitely slower. And Genesis is definitely slower. Yeah, it doesn't have the angle.

[21:15] Okay, I'm as close as I can be. Okay, I'm as close as I can be. Okay, let's see now. Okay, let's see now. Okay, let's see now. By the way, my train is usually fairly By the way, my train is usually fairly By the way, my train is usually fairly good in the slip, so good in the slip, so good in the slip, so let's see. But yeah. Yeah, I don't think let's see. But yeah. Yeah, I don't think let's see. But yeah. Yeah, I don't think starting last is actually a good starting last is actually a good starting last is actually a good strategy here. [music] So,

[21:52] Nope. No can do. Ah, but what now? Nope. No can do. Ah, but what now? Let's I guess let's [music] just wait until I guess let's [music] just wait until they hit each other and maybe maybe maybe and maybe maybe maybe got it.

[22:24] I thought that would be the end of well I thought that would be the end of well that was the end of his journey. And we have this And we have this driver in a TT cup. driver in a TT cup. driver in a TT cup. That's actually quite brave. But

[23:09] I just have to make sure that I don't I just have to make sure that I don't get a penalty. &gt;&gt; Okay, but the captain leads 7 seconds &gt;&gt; Okay, but the captain leads 7 seconds now. I'll definitely have to improve my now. I'll definitely have to improve my now. I'll definitely have to improve my qualifying. qualifying. qualifying. Who knows? [music] [music] 578.

[23:42] Okay, Okay, there was a there was a there was a A sudden [music] correction.

[24:29] And I have a second penalty. So, And I have a second penalty. So, there'll be another place, I think. I think so. Okay, it's not a big I think so. Okay, it's not a big penalty, so I don't know if I'll be able penalty, so I don't know if I'll be able penalty, so I don't know if I'll be able to close up as much, but maybe. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. It's an easy pass with Yeah. Yeah. Okay. It's an easy pass with Yeah. Yeah. Okay. It's an easy pass with a half second penalty.

[25:10] Okay. Okay. Uh, pit stop is required in this race. Uh, pit stop is required in this race. Uh, pit stop is required in this race. There is a required [music] tire change. So, it's not like a mandatory stop, but So, it's not like a mandatory stop, but at the same time, we just [music] need at the same time, we just [music] need at the same time, we just [music] need to change the tires.

[25:47] P8, but the gap to the lead is 7 P8, but the gap to the lead is 7 seconds. I don't think I'll [music] be seconds. I don't think I'll [music] be seconds. I don't think I'll [music] be able to get that. And they also might be bombdrafting each And they also might be bombdrafting each other. So yeah. Okay. yeah. Okay. Oh, amazing. [music]

[26:35] No, that was just a bomb. That wasn't No, that was just a bomb. That wasn't even a dive. That was just a bomb. Yeah. Now he will get the slip. So I'm Yeah. Now he will get the slip. So I'm in trouble.

[27:22] Maybe I'm not in trouble if I pit. Yeah, Maybe I'm not in trouble if I pit. Yeah, let's pit. That's the only way. let's pit. That's the only way. let's pit. That's the only way. That's the only way. It's like It's like and there we go. A race day keeps the doctor away. A race day keeps the doctor away. Well, thank you for your support, sir.

[27:53] A race a day keeps the doctor away. A race a day keeps the doctor away. That's actually a good one. Okay. Okay. Yeah. I don't know if you've seen my Yeah. I don't know if you've seen my Yeah. I don't know if you've seen my setup video. Basically, I'm I was showing everything Basically, I'm I was showing everything that I have. though. that I have. though. that I have. though. Go check it out. Okay. Saving tires Okay. Saving tires and getting closer to the lead.

[28:25] and getting closer to the lead. and getting closer to the lead. That's typically what works. I have to be very very gentle with my I have to be very very gentle with my tires.

[29:37] Not the best exit, but let's see. 1.5. Not the best exit, but let's see. 1.5. [music] [music] [music] If I can get into the slip in the next If I can get into the slip in the next If I can get into the slip in the next lap, lap, lap, that'll be amazing. that'll be amazing. that'll be amazing. Even now, I think I'm picking up a Even now, I think I'm picking up a Even now, I think I'm picking up a little bit of it. little bit of it. little bit of it. Oh, yeah. The strategy is to change the Oh, yeah. The strategy is to change the Oh, yeah. The strategy is to change the tires [music] roughly about lap four, tires [music] roughly about lap four, tires [music] roughly about lap four, lap five, mediums and soft. Typically lap five, mediums and soft. Typically lap five, mediums and soft. Typically starting on the mediums. Gentle, gentle, gentle. Gentle, gentle, gentle. I can rotate the back end, but I really

[30:07] I can rotate the back end, but I really I can rotate the back end, but I really don't want to get too [music] much on don't want to get too [music] much on don't want to get too [music] much on the front. And I see the tires are the front. And I see the tires are the front. And I see the tires are pretty cold, which is it's good and not pretty cold, which is it's good and not pretty cold, which is it's good and not good at the same time. So, the tire wear good at the same time. So, the tire wear good at the same time. So, the tire wear is going to be significantly less. Luckily, all of the other guys are now Luckily, all of the other guys are now behind me. And I think some of them behind me. And I think some of them behind me. And I think some of them stayed. stayed. stayed. Okay, but how long are they staying up Okay, but how long are they staying up Okay, but how long are they staying up there in the front?

[30:57] Uh, tire is pretty cold. I don't know Uh, tire is pretty cold. I don't know how the TT cup is managing the rear how the TT cup is managing the rear how the TT cup is managing the rear temps because it's just awful usually on temps because it's just awful usually on temps because it's just awful usually on that car. that car. that car. Okay, I'm picking up some pretty nice Okay, I'm picking up some pretty nice Okay, I'm picking up some pretty nice stove. So, let's do it.

[31:44] Okay, let's see. The other guy's in the Okay, let's see. The other guy's in the pits. Yeah, but the gap is still 8 pits. Yeah, but the gap is still 8 pits. Yeah, but the gap is still 8 seconds. This guy might be on the mediums. I just This guy might be on the mediums. I just want to prevent any kind of dive bumps want to prevent any kind of dive bumps want to prevent any kind of dive bumps from the back. from the back. from the back. Okay, that works well. Yeah, but that's pretty much about it Yeah, but that's pretty much about it for this race. I mean, P6, that's my for this race. I mean, P6, that's my for this race. I mean, P6, that's my reach.

[32:18] The front group just separated and The front group just separated and that's it. There's no way to get 8 that's it. There's no way to get 8 that's it. There's no way to get 8 seconds. I mean, seconds. I mean, seconds. I mean, how can I get 8 seconds? I mean, Okay, so I know for the next one, I'll Okay, so I know for the next one, I'll have to improve my qualifying time. have to improve my qualifying time. have to improve my qualifying time. And uh yeah, that should be it.

[33:24] So, what are you saying? So, what are you saying? Just want to say how much I like that Just want to say how much I like that Just want to say how much I like that you're not spending 95% of your time not you're not spending 95% of your time not you're not spending 95% of your time not complaining. Well, I'm What should I complain about? Well, I'm What should I complain about? I mean, I could complain. I typically I mean, I could complain. I typically I mean, I could complain. I typically complain about something when it's not complain about something when it's not complain about something when it's not right. right. right. Yeah, I need to Yeah, I definitely need to I need to Yeah, I definitely need to improve my qualifying time. improve my qualifying time. improve my qualifying time. Starting in the top six. That's a must.

[33:56] Starting in the top six. That's a must. Starting in the top six. That's a must. I need to get into the 55s now in those I need to get into the 55s now in those I need to get into the 55s now in those couple of minutes. Yeah, look at those gaps. [music] I Yeah, look at those gaps. [music] I mean, mean, mean, I think they're constantly changing the I think they're constantly changing the I think they're constantly changing the lead.

[34:29] Yeah, I would say solid, but it doesn't Yeah, I would say solid, but it doesn't have to be that amazing as long as you have to be that amazing as long as you have to be that amazing as long as you can keep up with with the leading pack because of the the slipstream effect and because of the the slipstream effect and so one. so one. so one. But yeah, starting from the back and But yeah, starting from the back and But yeah, starting from the back and winning here. No.

[35:00] So, So, do I like this week's dailies? They're do I like this week's dailies? They're do I like this week's dailies? They're okay. They're nothing too special. I okay. They're nothing too special. I okay. They're nothing too special. I actually liked Tokyo last week. That was actually liked Tokyo last week. That was actually liked Tokyo last week. That was that was really nice. that was really nice. that was really nice. But But But yeah, it's it's okay. I mean, it's a you know what? Okay, now now I it's a you know what? Okay, now now I messed up. So, this is a fairly complex messed up. So, this is a fairly complex messed up. So, this is a fairly complex track and I like [music] those technical track and I like [music] those technical track and I like [music] those technical circuits. So, circuits. So, circuits. So, yeah, I would say that this one is all yeah, I would say that this one is all yeah, I would say that this one is all right.

[35:34] And uh the question about the pedals. And uh the question about the pedals. So, I had some issues with them. [music] So, I had some issues with them. [music] So, I had some issues with them. [music] And I can show you later. I can show you And I can show you later. I can show you And I can show you later. I can show you the springs that I got. I just changed the springs that I got. I just changed the springs that I got. I just changed the springs so I don't have to use as the springs so I don't have to use as the springs so I don't have to use as much preload as I was using before on my much preload as I was using before on my much preload as I was using before on my brake pedal. And now it's perfectly brake pedal. And now it's perfectly brake pedal. And now it's perfectly fine. I just installed it uh yesterday. So yesterday I was Yeah, I was kind of So yesterday I was Yeah, I was kind of playing with the springs that I had. Um,

[36:04] playing with the springs that I had. Um, playing with the springs that I had. Um, but yeah, it's amazing what what you can but yeah, it's amazing what what you can but yeah, it's amazing what what you can fix with [music] a like a€3 spring fix with [music] a like a€3 spring fix with [music] a like a€3 spring from AliExpress. First and then second. Yeah, I am now G First and then second. Yeah, I am now G work there. Okay, I need to change the angle there. Okay, I need to change the angle there. I would need to change also do the way I

[36:36] I would need to change also do the way I I would need to change also do the way I break and yep. break and yep. break and yep. Yeah, pretty much this whole lap needs Yeah, pretty much this whole lap needs Yeah, pretty much this whole lap needs to be changed, but that's just what it to be changed, but that's just what it to be changed, but that's just what it is. Okay, rotation. That's good for qualify, Okay, rotation. That's good for qualify, not exactly for the race. And I think not exactly for the race. And I think not exactly for the race. And I think lap five is better than putting in lap lap five is better than putting in lap lap five is better than putting in lap four because look at my tires

[37:09] and G works. Have you maybe tried the and G works. Have you maybe tried the thing that we talked about? Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah, it's a penalty. As soon as I heard those like those tiny As soon as I heard those like those tiny bumps. Uh, yeah, I know it's a pen. bumps. Uh, yeah, I know it's a pen. bumps. Uh, yeah, I know it's a pen. Cheers.

[39:11] Uh, springs I used. Uh, let me finish Uh, springs I used. Uh, let me finish this. I can I can let you know. I'll this. I can I can let you know. I'll this. I can I can let you know. I'll actually post it in the Discord. Oh, we actually post it in the Discord. Oh, we actually post it in the Discord. Oh, we got yellow flags. Someone crashed. got yellow flags. Someone crashed. got yellow flags. Someone crashed. Oh, I might actually finish in fifth. Oh, I might actually finish in fifth. Oh, I might actually finish in fifth. No, I won't. Oh, maybe I will. Wait a No, I won't. Oh, maybe I will. Wait a No, I won't. Oh, maybe I will. Wait a second. Wait a second. Wait for it. Wait second. Wait a second. Wait for it. Wait second. Wait a second. Wait for it. Wait [music] for it. Nice exit. Nice exit. [music] for it. Nice exit. Nice exit. [music] for it. Nice exit. Nice exit. And yeah, And yeah, And yeah, this guy likes to crash. I I this guy likes to crash. I I this guy likes to crash. I I will I get a penalty for this.

[39:49] Okay, I did finish in fifth, but he just Okay, I did finish in fifth, but he just killed himself twice. I mean, I mean, that was rather strange. Check last corner. Check last corner. I mean, he tried blocking, but I was I mean, he tried blocking, but I was I mean, he tried blocking, but I was like much much quicker than he was. And

[40:21] like much much quicker than he was. And like much much quicker than he was. And I were like, "Oh, I mean, he didn't have to do it. Either I mean, he didn't have to do it. Either way, I would have already taken him, but way, I would have already taken him, but way, I would have already taken him, but like look, hi there. And I'll most likely get look, hi there. And I'll most likely get straight into the next one.

[40:58] Yeah, he tried blocking me, but I'm not Yeah, he tried blocking me, but I'm not like blocking. I was I was going I don't like blocking. I was I was going I don't like blocking. I was I was going I don't know maybe 20 km faster than he was and know maybe 20 km faster than he was and know maybe 20 km faster than he was and then all of a sudden he moves to the then all of a sudden he moves to the then all of a sudden he moves to the right and closes the gap and I'm like right and closes the gap and I'm like right and closes the gap and I'm like what what what why no not what why uh just to answer the question okay my uh just to answer the question okay my went down I'll live uh went down I'll live uh went down I'll live uh yeah so the thing is yeah so the thing is yeah so the thing is that I bought a spring that is 45 mm

[41:31] that I bought a spring that is 45 mm that I bought a spring that is 45 mm uh of length like it's 40 it's 45 mm uh of length like it's 40 it's 45 mm uh of length like it's 40 it's 45 mm basically uh the standard ones I believe basically uh the standard ones I believe basically uh the standard ones I believe they are 32 they are 32 they are 32 so just by adding 1 and 1/2 cm I so just by adding 1 and 1/2 cm I so just by adding 1 and 1/2 cm I extended extended extended the the brake pedal so now you can see the the brake pedal so now you can see the the brake pedal so now you can see there is no preload on it so just the there is no preload on it so just the there is no preload on it so just the spring is a little bit longer and spring is a little bit longer and spring is a little bit longer and wait a second I need to post this on I wait a second I need to post this on I wait a second I need to post this on I need to post this on Discord.

[42:01] need to post this on Discord. need to post this on Discord. So, just buying a longer spring, So, just buying a longer spring, So, just buying a longer spring, solve the issue of using [music] preload solve the issue of using [music] preload solve the issue of using [music] preload basically. basically. basically. Just like a little bit longer spring, Just like a little bit longer spring, Just like a little bit longer spring, that's it. that's it. that's it. So, if you don't like a very stiff brake So, if you don't like a very stiff brake So, if you don't like a very stiff brake pedal, like I mean, I don't like a very pedal, like I mean, I don't like a very pedal, like I mean, I don't like a very stiff brake pedal. Um, it was it was too stiff brake pedal. Um, it was it was too stiff brake pedal. Um, it was it was too loose, so I had to use a lot of preload. loose, so I had to use a lot of preload. loose, so I had to use a lot of preload. But with a with a [music] longer sprint, But with a with a [music] longer sprint, But with a with a [music] longer sprint, I don't have to use a preload again.

[42:32] So that's kind of what it fixed. For So that's kind of what it fixed. For like the full comparison video and like like the full comparison video and like like the full comparison video and like the full thing that I did, I can just the full thing that I did, I can just the full thing that I did, I can just show you in the Discord. show you in the Discord. show you in the Discord. And Ian Hiden and Damian And Ian Hiden and Damian And Ian Hiden and Damian preload is like a dead zone, but not preload is like a dead zone, but not preload is like a dead zone, but not really. Not really. It's more like It's more like Yeah, it's it's kind of It's more like Yeah, it's it's kind of like the dead zone, but the dead zone is like the dead zone, but the dead zone is like the dead zone, but the dead zone is another thing. another thing. another thing. I think it'll be better that I explain I think it'll be better that I explain I think it'll be better that I explain this and take a couple of photos.

[43:38] Yeah, I never Yeah, I never had it in Yeah, I never Yeah, I never had it in mind like how I'm going to explain what mind like how I'm going to explain what mind like how I'm going to explain what preload actually means. preload actually means. preload actually means. because preload is preload. because preload is preload. because preload is preload. But yeah, it probably need a little bit But yeah, it probably need a little bit But yeah, it probably need a little bit of explanation behind it. And I always assume that you guys know And I always assume that you guys know everything and I'm like, yeah, it's everything and I'm like, yeah, it's everything and I'm like, yeah, it's preload. preload. preload. Uh, the pedals are definitely better Uh, the pedals are definitely better Uh, the pedals are definitely better than V3s. There is like no question than V3s. There is like no question than V3s. There is like no question about it. They're also twice as about it. They're also twice as about it. They're also twice as expensive, so they need to be better.

[44:09] expensive, so they need to be better. expensive, so they need to be better. Yeah. for example, you I don't think you Yeah. for example, you I don't think you Yeah. for example, you I don't think you can do something like this with with the can do something like this with with the can do something like this with with the V3s. You can't change different [music] V3s. You can't change different [music] V3s. You can't change different [music] springs. I mean, you can, but not in a springs. I mean, you can, but not in a springs. I mean, you can, but not in a way that you can do it with these way that you can do it with these way that you can do it with these pedals. It's like basically you just buy pedals. It's like basically you just buy pedals. It's like basically you just buy something and just put it in the brake something and just put it in the brake something and just put it in the brake pedal and you don't have to worry about pedal and you don't have to worry about pedal and you don't have to worry about any other modifications that you need to any other modifications that you need to any other modifications that you need to do. You just throw in another do. You just throw in another do. You just throw in another elastimemer. You just change the angles elastimemer. You just change the angles elastimemer. You just change the angles that you like and, you know, go with it. that you like and, you know, go with it. that you like and, you know, go with it. So, it's much more [music] convenient. So, it's much more [music] convenient. So, it's much more [music] convenient. While with the V3s, you would have to While with the V3s, you would have to While with the V3s, you would have to get some mods. you need to change them

[44:39] get some mods. you need to change them get some mods. you need to change them and it's a process and honestly and it's a process and honestly and it's a process and honestly it's like a lot of work. it's like a lot of work. it's like a lot of work. Not like with the sim net. Sims are Not like with the sim net. Sims are Not like with the sim net. Sims are highly adjustable, but they're kind of a highly adjustable, but they're kind of a highly adjustable, but they're kind of a pain to set up.

[45:18] Yeah, let me get into those 55s. Yeah, let me get into those 55s. Uh, yeah, you can adjust you can adjust Uh, yeah, you can adjust you can adjust Uh, yeah, you can adjust you can adjust whatever you like because the the pedals whatever you like because the the pedals whatever you like because the the pedals are not locked in place. Oh, I mean it's better that I show you Oh, I mean it's better that I show you the photo, but probably there there is a the photo, but probably there there is a the photo, but probably there there is a video on my channel and uh there is like video on my channel and uh there is like video on my channel and uh there is like a little Wait a second. You will if you just go Wait a second. You will if you just go and have a look at the video, [music] and have a look at the video, [music] and have a look at the video, [music] you will see how the pedal plate looks you will see how the pedal plate looks you will see how the pedal plate looks like. You don't even have to use the like. You don't even have to use the like. You don't even have to use the pedal plate. You can mount it directly

[45:48] pedal plate. You can mount it directly pedal plate. You can mount it directly on your rig and then you can move them in, you know, and then you can move them in, you know, [music] whatever way you like. Nah penalty. Nah penalty. No.

[46:30] Now I have to open a thread on Discord Now I have to open a thread on Discord and share what I have to share. Um, right now I don't think I can Um, right now I don't think I can compare them straight away. I mean, I compare them straight away. I mean, I compare them straight away. I mean, I did kind of compare them with the did kind of compare them with the did kind of compare them with the Simnets because those are the pedals Simnets because those are the pedals Simnets because those are the pedals that I used before. Sims have this like that I used before. Sims have this like that I used before. Sims have this like more industrial design feel and in more industrial design feel and in more industrial design feel and in general [music] they take quite a while general [music] they take quite a while general [music] they take quite a while to set up. to set up. to set up. And they just they just don't give you And they just they just don't give you And they just they just don't give you like the same like the same like the same the same. I mean, they could give you

[47:00] the same. I mean, they could give you the same. I mean, they could give you the same feel, but it's more about Well, wait a second. It's more about how Well, wait a second. It's more about how easy it is to adjust some things and easy it is to adjust some things and easy it is to adjust some things and simplicity of use, basically. simplicity of use, basically. simplicity of use, basically. And I mean, the Sims are like really, And I mean, the Sims are like really, And I mean, the Sims are like really, really good pedals. But these ones [music] are just like on But these ones [music] are just like on a different level than there are some a different level than there are some a different level than there are some downsides to it. There's some of course

[47:30] downsides to it. There's some of course downsides to it. There's some of course pros and cons like with every every pros and cons like with every every pros and cons like with every every product out there. They are quite product out there. They are quite product out there. They are quite expensive and you know there are expensive and you know there are expensive and you know there are definitely some downsides. But yeah, I definitely some downsides. But yeah, I definitely some downsides. But yeah, I guess we'll just have to see what um guess we'll just have to see what um guess we'll just have to see what um what you guys say it is. Do not use the what you guys say it is. Do not use the what you guys say it is. Do not use the attent horrible car. Okay, that's why attent horrible car. Okay, that's why attent horrible car. Okay, that's why I'm using the Citroen. But let's see. I'm using the Citroen. But let's see. I'm using the Citroen. But let's see. Okay, now I'm starting Okay, now I'm starting Okay, now I'm starting Now I'm starting in fifth place, which Now I'm starting in fifth place, which Now I'm starting in fifth place, which is uh which is much much better. But I

[48:01] is uh which is much much better. But I is uh which is much much better. But I can show you the springs now. Wait a can show you the springs now. Wait a can show you the springs now. Wait a sec. sec. sec. Wait a sec. wait a second. I didn't even unpack this wait a second. I didn't even unpack this one because I found

[48:33] Let me Let me go a little bit in. So, this is the go a little bit in. So, this is the go a little bit in. So, this is the original one original one original one and this is the one that I got. So, like and this is the one that I got. So, like and this is the one that I got. So, like it's a little bit bigger. [sighs] it's a little bit bigger. [sighs] it's a little bit bigger. [sighs] And also, And also, And also, this is the one that I have installed, this is the one that I have installed, this is the one that I have installed, but yeah, probably you can't see it. but yeah, probably you can't see it. but yeah, probably you can't see it. Yeah, this is the one that I got Yeah, this is the one that I got Yeah, this is the one that I got installed, but red one. And this is the installed, but red one. And this is the installed, but red one. And this is the original one next to it. You can see original one next to it. You can see original one next to it. You can see that it's a little bit bigger. And then that it's a little bit bigger. And then that it's a little bit bigger. And then I removed this piece of preload with it

[49:03] I removed this piece of preload with it I removed this piece of preload with it because the preload was roughly like a because the preload was roughly like a because the preload was roughly like a centimeter or more, maybe even like a centimeter or more, maybe even like a centimeter or more, maybe even like a little bit more. But that was about it. little bit more. But that was about it. little bit more. But that was about it. A night of the night. Thank you very A night of the night. Thank you very A night of the night. Thank you very much for that. Uh the hydraulic kit for Simnets. I did Uh the hydraulic kit for Simnets. I did personally haven't used it, so I don't personally haven't used it, so I don't personally haven't used it, so I don't know. But right now, I'll just go in, know. But right now, I'll just go in, know. But right now, I'll just go in, try to get this one, and potentially try to get this one, and potentially try to get this one, and potentially even win here. Maybe. We'll see.

[49:34] even win here. Maybe. We'll see. even win here. Maybe. We'll see. Uh Uh Uh let's give them a little push. We don't let's give them a little push. We don't let's give them a little push. We don't want to fight that early. Or what's want to fight that early. Or what's want to fight that early. Or what's going on with the Cayman? Is the Cayman going on with the Cayman? Is the Cayman going on with the Cayman? Is the Cayman any good here? any good here? any good here? Okay. And I guess we will have to find Okay. And I guess we will have to find Okay. And I guess we will have to find out now. The radar is on. I just don't out now. The radar is on. I just don't out now. The radar is on. I just don't want to lose the slip to the other guys, want to lose the slip to the other guys, want to lose the slip to the other guys, but the Cayman seemed pretty slow at the but the Cayman seemed pretty slow at the but the Cayman seemed pretty slow at the beginning. beginning. beginning. I think it under steers a lot.

[50:07] Yeah, the Citroen is probably the meta. Yeah, the Citroen is probably the meta. So, let's see. Maybe the Cayman is So, let's see. Maybe the Cayman is So, let's see. Maybe the Cayman is better here in the middle section, which better here in the middle section, which better here in the middle section, which I kind of doubt because I kind of doubt because I kind of doubt because in theory it shouldn't be. Nevertheless, it could be could be a Nevertheless, it could be could be a good car. So,

[50:39] Okay. Okay. Yeah, under steer is killing this car. Under steer is killing this car. Maybe Under steer is killing this car. Maybe let's see if [music] I'm going to get let's see if [music] I'm going to get let's see if [music] I'm going to get any closer than this.

[51:09] I mean, I know I have to push through I mean, I know I have to push through that section, but every time I go there, that section, but every time I go there, that section, but every time I go there, I'm like, "Oh, am I going to get a I'm like, "Oh, am I going to get a I'm like, "Oh, am I going to get a penalty?" penalty?" penalty?" Typically, I don't, but Typically, I don't, but Typically, I don't, but sometimes I do. sometimes I do. sometimes I do. Okay. 1.3 to the lead. Okay. 1.3 to the lead. Okay. 1.3 to the lead. Oh, well, Oh, well, Oh, well, I think [music] we just dropped them. Seven gears. I don't think I need them, Seven gears. I don't think I need them, but it's good to have them.

[51:41] Maybe this car is [music] That's why Maybe this car is [music] That's why this car is so good. Decent acceleration, [music] decent tire Decent acceleration, [music] decent tire wear.

[52:43] Oh, I'm losing them. That's not good. Oh, I'm losing them. That's not good. Yeah, just one wrong corner and it all Yeah, just one wrong corner and it all Yeah, just one wrong corner and it all goes downhill. goes downhill. goes downhill. Okay, maybe I need to focus more. Okay, 1.4. But luckily I'm in this Okay, 1.4. But luckily I'm in this little slipstream train. [music]

[53:13] I think it's just good to stay here I think it's just good to stay here until like forever. Yeah, but there is [music] no action Yeah, but there is [music] no action now. Like nothing is going. I mean now. Like nothing is going. I mean now. Like nothing is going. I mean nothing is happening basically. We are all kind of We are all kind of doing nothing.

[54:03] Okay. Okay. Yeah, that's never going to work on the Yeah, that's never going to work on the Yeah, that's never going to work on the outside.

[54:36] I mean you either hate or love group I mean you either hate or love group four. four. four. There is nothing in between, There is nothing in between, There is nothing in between, I guess. Yeah, Tokyo was Tokyo was quite I guess. Yeah, Tokyo was Tokyo was quite I guess. Yeah, Tokyo was Tokyo was quite unpredictable. unpredictable. unpredictable. Maybe that's why. Maybe that's why. Maybe that's why. I like that track. I mean, I I really I like that track. I mean, I I really I like that track. I mean, I I really do.

[55:06] Okay, got closer. Kger, I don't know if Okay, got closer. Kger, I don't know if he's on mediums or softs. he's on mediums or softs. he's on mediums or softs. But I guess we will find out [music] But I guess we will find out [music] But I guess we will find out [music] very soon. I think the Cayman is starting to I think the Cayman is starting to struggle here.

[55:37] Okay. Okay. And I think I'm also too gentle [music] And I think I'm also too gentle [music] And I think I'm also too gentle [music] with the brakes there in turn one. Is with the brakes there in turn one. Is with the brakes there in turn one. Is that even turn one or two? Two. Turn that even turn one or two? Two. Turn that even turn one or two? Two. Turn two.

[56:37] Yeah, we're still in this like little Yeah, we're still in this like little train. train. train. That's what it is. I'll pit when they That's what it is. I'll pit when they That's what it is. I'll pit when they pit. and mono with a 1 second penalty. Okay. and mono with a 1 second penalty. Okay. Yeah, that's it.

[57:14] Yeah, I don't think so. If they are if Yeah, I don't think so. If they are if they are this fast, they would catch me. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. technically could work, but well, now I definitely need to pit. So, well, now I definitely need to pit. So, let's see.

[58:37] man. Definitely losing all of those man. Definitely losing all of those places. I mean, I mean, that's what I don't like about these that's what I don't like about these that's what I don't like about these track limits. You You have to cut these track limits. You You have to cut these track limits. You You have to cut these corners. You definitely do, but when you corners. You definitely do, but when you corners. You definitely do, but when you do it, you're risking [music] a pretty do it, you're risking [music] a pretty do it, you're risking [music] a pretty big penalty, like a second. big penalty, like a second. big penalty, like a second. So, it is it is not good. It is really So, it is it is not good. It is really So, it is it is not good. It is really not good.

[59:07] not good. not good. But can they both go into the pits? Sam is staying out. Sam is staying out. He's staying out. I don't know how that's going to go for I don't know how that's going to go for him. him. him. I don't think he can I don't think he can I don't think he can close the gap later.

[59:51] &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; Let's see. I mean, I'll just save my &gt;&gt; Let's see. I mean, I'll just save my &gt;&gt; Let's see. I mean, I'll just save my tires now and just follow them. tires now and just follow them. tires now and just follow them. That's what I'll do. That's it.

[1:01:19] No. No. Will this be a pen? This is more like a roulette. This is more like a roulette. Okay. It's not.

[1:02:01] Maybe a second and a half, more or less. Maybe a second and a half, more or less. A second

[1:02:32] Typically, when you go that wide, it is. Typically, when you go that wide, it is. Ah, yes, it is.

[1:03:55] Let's go get him. Let's go get him. Half a second. Oh, Oh, I see some uh pretty interesting gracing I see some uh pretty interesting gracing I see some uh pretty interesting gracing there. there. there. Okay, let's catch [music] a look here.

[1:04:38] same on better tires, I think, but he same on better tires, I think, but he doesn't have such great tire wear. So, doesn't have such great tire wear. So, doesn't have such great tire wear. So, I don't know. Let's see if he can keep on doing this. Let's see if he can keep on doing this. I mean, two tents.

[1:05:14] Wh Wh Okay. In the slip. Okay. In the slip. Okay. In the slip. Actually getting closer and closer Actually getting closer and closer Actually getting closer and closer [music] now.

[1:07:10] I mean, he definitely lost the rear, but I mean, he definitely lost the rear, but it wasn't about that. I mean, I left the space, [music] but I I mean, I left the space, [music] but I felt like there really wasn't that much felt like there really wasn't that much felt like there really wasn't that much space left later in the corner. space left later in the corner. space left later in the corner. And then my car just bounced and that And then my car just bounced and that And then my car just bounced and that was it. was it. was it. I don't know. We'll just have a look at I don't know. We'll just have a look at I don't know. We'll just have a look at the replay. [music]

[1:08:07] Oh, look. Very wide. Oh, look. Very wide. O. O. O. Okay. It soon got [music] more Okay. It soon got [music] more Okay. It soon got [music] more interesting. Well, it definitely got more Well, it definitely got more interesting, but I need to check that.

[1:09:33] I think it is a win. But was it really a I think it is a win. But was it really a deserved one? Okay, it looks like we got some work to Okay, it looks like we got some work to [music] do now.

[1:10:23] Thank you very much everyone. [snorts] Thank you very much everyone. [snorts] Oh, But yeah, I don't know. It all happened. But yeah, I don't know. It all happened. I mean, when you're racing, you don't I mean, when you're racing, you don't I mean, when you're racing, you don't know what's going on. You can just know what's going on. You can just know what's going on. You can just assume what happened. assume what happened. assume what happened. You kind of know, but it's it's You kind of know, but it's it's You kind of know, but it's it's different when you guys look into it. different when you guys look into it. different when you guys look into it. And then, for example, it's much And then, for example, it's much And then, for example, it's much different when I'm racing and, you know,

[1:10:53] different when I'm racing and, you know, different when I'm racing and, you know, I'm looking at the situation.

[1:11:37] &gt;&gt; Uh &gt;&gt; Uh theoretically theoretically theoretically there was enough space theoretically. Hey. Hey. Yeah. Theoretically, there was enough Yeah. Theoretically, there was enough Yeah. Theoretically, there was enough space, but was there enough space to Yeah, I but was there enough space to Yeah, I mean, there there probably was enough mean, there there probably was enough mean, there there probably was enough space to put the car in there, space to put the car in there, space to put the car in there, but when everything is kind of happening

[1:12:07] but when everything is kind of happening but when everything is kind of happening in split second like this. &gt;&gt; Yeah, from the Yeah, from this point of &gt;&gt; Yeah, from the Yeah, from this point of view, it's different. view, it's different. view, it's different. Of course, that's why I said it before. Of course, that's why I said it before. Of course, that's why I said it before. From this point of view, you would say From this point of view, you would say From this point of view, you would say there there is no space, but looking there there is no space, but looking there there is no space, but looking [music] at the replay, there was a bit [music] at the replay, there was a bit [music] at the replay, there was a bit of space. So,

[1:12:44] yeah, I mean, yeah, I mean, my bad. I have to say, yeah, I mean, more more space would be yeah, I mean, more more space would be nice, but when you're looking at from nice, but when you're looking at from nice, but when you're looking at from this point of view, there is some space this point of view, there is some space this point of view, there is some space there. there. there. But at the same time, you know, when But at the same time, you know, when But at the same time, you know, when you're racing and looking at it from you're racing and looking at it from you're racing and looking at it from this point of view,

[1:13:23] &gt;&gt; I think you guys said it's a racing &gt;&gt; I think you guys said it's a racing incident. Maybe I should have Yeah. I mean, Yeah. I mean, yeah, you guys judge me in the comments. yeah, you guys judge me in the comments. yeah, you guys judge me in the comments. That's usually the best.

[1:13:57] Still a 5-second penalty. Still a 5-second penalty. I'll have to be more careful in the next I'll have to be more careful in the next I'll have to be more careful in the next one.

[1:14:33] yeah, I'm sorry about that. I mean, you yeah, I'm sorry about that. I mean, you never want something like that to never want something like that to never want something like that to happen. Especially when you're racing for the Especially when you're racing for the win of the uh for the win here. So, it's win of the uh for the win here. So, it's win of the uh for the win here. So, it's Yeah, I already told him I'm sorry, yeah, I don't know. yeah, I don't know. I guess most of you said racing

[1:15:03] I guess most of you said racing I guess most of you said racing incident, so I'll just go with that and definitely be more careful in the and definitely be more careful in the [music] next one. I mean, it definitely wasn't I mean, it definitely wasn't intentional. [music] I mean, heard like intentional. [music] I mean, heard like intentional. [music] I mean, heard like a couple of couple of different views. a couple of couple of different views. a couple of couple of different views. We'll see. But We'll see. But We'll see. But I guess those things happen and I guess those things happen and I guess those things happen and I guess you just have to move on

[1:16:00] But you know what? We can always blame But you know what? We can always blame the curb. Would Would I think the same? Yeah, most likely.

[1:16:30] I'm typically trying to review the I'm typically trying to review the situation from both angles. And situation from both angles. And situation from both angles. And if you've been following me for a while, if you've been following me for a while, if you've been following me for a while, you probably know how it goes. you probably know how it goes. you probably know how it goes. I just let Chad decide if I'm wrong or I just let Chad decide if I'm wrong or I just let Chad decide if I'm wrong or not. And then I get roasted in the chat. And then I get roasted in the chat. [music] So that's that's the best.

[1:17:49] I'll definitely have to improve my I'll definitely have to improve my qualifying time. I mean, look at the grid now. I mean, look at the grid now. V9.

[1:18:21] Yeah. I mean, let's move on. Yeah. I mean, let's move on. And I assume that it's going to happen a And I assume that it's going to happen a And I assume that it's going to happen a lot in group four either way. So, yep. There there is no damage, yep. There there is no damage, no recovery costs and

[1:19:41] Let's crash again. Let's crash again. Oh, Oh, Oh, looks like they crashed before me.

[1:20:44] So a mid 55 is required for this race to So a mid 55 is required for this race to start at [music] the top five. start at [music] the top five. start at [music] the top five. Okay.

[1:21:22] Maybe I can [music] overtake now. Maybe I can [music] overtake now. Maybe I can overtake now. Got it. Got it. Got it. Got it. Now, Got it. Got it. Got it. Got it. Now, let's get close to them. And Sim, let's get close to them. And Sim, let's get close to them. And Sim, I'm sorry about that when the car jumped

[1:21:52] I'm sorry about that when the car jumped I'm sorry about that when the car jumped or bounced off the curb. Yeah. I mean, I probably probably should Yeah. I mean, I probably probably should have been a little bit easier with the have been a little bit easier with the have been a little bit easier with the throttle. throttle. throttle. But yeah, But yeah, But yeah, I hope everything is okay. could be just a racing incident, but could be just a racing incident, but it's never nice when it happens to you.

[1:22:27] Okay, this is going to be a more Okay, this is going to be a more interesting race, I would say. Okay. Okay. Penalties.

[1:23:29] I mean getting [music] closer. But yeah, I mean getting [music] closer. But yeah, thanks for understanding me. Let's see. Okay. Go, go, go, go, go, go again. In Okay. Go, go, go, go, go, go again. In this little slipstream train. It might this little slipstream train. It might this little slipstream train. It might actually be worth a pit one lap earlier actually be worth a pit one lap earlier actually be worth a pit one lap earlier now.

[1:25:06] 2.7, 2.7, which will most likely drop to like 2.6, which will most likely drop to like 2.6, which will most likely drop to like 2.6, 2.5. They might be bump drafting each other. They might be bump drafting each other. And Damian is up there in the top. So And Damian is up there in the top. So And Damian is up there in the top. So Damian and Mano, but no bomb drafting. [music] but no bomb drafting. [music] Uh 2.2

[1:26:01] And every time you think, "Oh yeah, I'm And every time you think, "Oh yeah, I'm going to get a penalty that I don't.

[1:26:43] Yeah. Yeah. And Alex saying, "Thank you for your And Alex saying, "Thank you for your And Alex saying, "Thank you for your [music] suggestions last time I asked. I got the DT plus, man. Hopefully, I got the DT plus, man. Hopefully, you're going to enjoy it." Oh, you will you're going to enjoy it." Oh, you will you're going to enjoy it." Oh, you will enjoy it.

[1:28:36] So, right after this race, So, right after this race, straight into [music] the qualifying and straight into [music] the qualifying and straight into [music] the qualifying and that's it. And Primal, like Primal, like thank you And Primal, like Primal, like thank you for that. I thought you were already a for that. I thought you were already a for that. I thought you were already a member.

[1:29:17] straight into the pits. straight into the pits. Soft tires. Don't refuel. Soft tires. Don't refuel. Soft tires. Don't refuel. All right, let's go.

[1:29:48] 900 900 actually 964. Those are those are some numbers. Those are those are some numbers. Yikes. Yikes. Yikes. No, I can't do it there.

[1:30:28] G works. Thank you. Thank you very much G works. Thank you. Thank you very much for that. for that. for that. Triple cup saying let's make it a thousand. Why saying let's make it a thousand. Why not? not? not? I'm in for it. I'm in for it, Mr. Panda. I just need the music. Mr. Panda. I just need the music. I just need the music. And

[1:30:59] I just need the music. And I just need the music. And but typical typical Balkan music that but typical typical Balkan music that but typical typical Balkan music that would be that would be X2 in [music] subscribers that would be X2 in [music] subscribers and viewers. Oh, let's go. Yeah, we're we are we are Oh, let's go. Yeah, we're we are we are losing them. That's the problem.

[1:31:33] So if you want to hit the like button, So if you want to hit the like button, please do so.

[1:32:05] Um, I got a 55. [music] Um, I got a 55. [music] I already got a 558. I need a 556. Yeah. Here. Yeah. Here. It just needs to be a dive bomb and I It just needs to be a dive bomb and I It just needs to be a dive bomb and I don't want to do it. Oh, I need the Oh, I need the I need the mid 55

[1:33:25] I think it might have [music] been worth I think it might have [music] been worth bidding a little bit earlier, but now bidding a little bit earlier, but now bidding a little bit earlier, but now it's now it's over. Three more. Three more. Road to a thousand, Road to a thousand, Road to a thousand, Alan. Thank you. Thank you very much. Alan. Thank you. Thank you very much. Alan. Thank you. Thank you very much. Okay.

[1:33:55] Okay. Okay. Well, I got to click on that. Thank you Well, I got to click on that. Thank you Well, I got to click on that. Thank you very much for that. very much for that. very much for that. Let's go get it

[1:34:39] I'm sorry, Phillip, but it worked. I'm sorry, Phillip, but it worked. Thank you, Alex. I need to make an Thank you, Alex. I need to make an Thank you, Alex. I need to make an updated version for that.

[1:35:56] Oh no, I'm not in the toe. I'll lose it. Oh no, I'm not in the toe. I'll lose it. Token of appreciation. Thank you, man. I am in. I am in. I go, guys. My bad.

[1:36:31] I didn't didn't kill anyone, so that's I didn't didn't kill anyone, so that's good. No one saw that. No one saw that. But you know what? If it was just a But you know what? If it was just a But you know what? If it was just a fraction of a second earlier, fraction of a second earlier, fraction of a second earlier, I would have made it. I would have made it. I would have made it. But But But I didn't

[1:38:51] Yeah, I killed my friend right. Sorry, Yeah, I killed my friend right. Sorry, my [music] friend left. Excuse me. Yeah, I'll be P6. Yeah, I'll be P6. That almost worked, but it didn't.

[1:39:32] I think Luke might get money there. I think Luke might get money there. Maybe not. on your profile. Wait a second. on your profile. Wait a second. I didn't check it. Now

[1:40:35] Let's jump straight in. Let's jump straight in. I need to improve my qualifying time. I I need to improve my qualifying time. I I need to improve my qualifying time. I got three laps. I think I got three laps got three laps. I think I got three laps got three laps. I think I got three laps to do it. So, let's just go into it. I'm not sure if [music] I'll get three I'm not sure if [music] I'll get three laps.

[1:41:36] 15 45 I'll have roughly [music] three 15 45 I'll have roughly [music] three laps, Mr. Bruce Wayne. Thank you for that. Mr. Bruce Wayne. Thank you for that. 20 months. 20 months. 20 months. That's a long time. Thank you, That's a long time. Thank you, That's a long time. Thank you, Br. Bruce Wayne. We finally got Batman in the chat. Hey, We finally got Batman in the chat. Hey, he's been here for 20 months.

[1:42:10] You know what? I'll answer your You know what? I'll answer your questions after these three laps. I hope questions after these three laps. I hope questions after these three laps. I hope that's okay.

[1:43:14] Well, to be honest with you, Well, to be honest with you, like out of all of three options that like out of all of three options that like out of all of three options that [music] you gave me, I think it's just a [music] you gave me, I think it's just a [music] you gave me, I think it's just a combination of those and you know even combination of those and you know even combination of those and you know even having having some time for myself to spend with family, friends and so on. to spend with family, friends and so on. I think that's I think that's I think that's that's what a good day would [music] that's what a good day would [music] that's what a good day would [music] look like. look like. look like. Oh, we got a 555.

[1:44:46] Yep. Yep. Yep. Let's go. Yep. Yep. Yep. Let's go. I probably should have taken a slightly I probably should have taken a slightly I probably should have taken a slightly [music] different line, but let's see.

[1:45:45] Hello, Andy. Wait a second. I already Hello, Andy. Wait a second. I already lost time. So, lost time. So, lost time. So, let's see where this is on the let's see where this is on the let's see where this is on the leaderboards. leaderboards. leaderboards. Oh, let's go. Oh, it's sixth. let's go. Oh, it's sixth. Wow.

[1:46:19] Let me delete some of this stuff. Let me delete some of this stuff. [music] So, let's wait now. I mean, yeah, I So, let's wait now. I mean, yeah, I think the SLE can definitely get into think the SLE can definitely get into think the SLE can definitely get into the 54s. Just a casual P6. Just a casual P6. Semi casual.

[1:46:51] Semi casual. Semi casual. Yeah. Might be in the drop split though. Yeah. Might be in the drop split though. Yeah. Might be in the drop split though. I think you're right. I remember when I was really trying to I remember when I was really trying to get into the top 1,000. That was like, get into the top 1,000. That was like, get into the top 1,000. That was like, wow. And then when I got into the top 100, I And then when I got into the top 100, I was like, man, top 100. Wow. What is was like, man, top 100. Wow. What is was like, man, top 100. Wow. What is going on?

[1:47:34] it's interesting see to see how it it's interesting see to see how it progresses. washed. Damian, if you're not P1, then washed. Damian, if you're not P1, then you're washed. you're washed. you're washed. That's just how it is. But it's not even two tents. It's just a But it's not even two tents. It's just a tenth. Like I did a 55 Oh, tenth. Like I did a 55 Oh, tenth. Like I did a 55 Oh, uh, yeah. 085 and he did 990, I think. uh, yeah. 085 and he did 990, I think. uh, yeah. 085 and he did 990, I think. Or 890. I think n I know.

[1:48:33] You lost the tent on that bridge entry. You lost the tent on that bridge entry. Um, yes and no. I think I could have went yes and no. I think I could have went slightly wider, but it wasn't it wasn't slightly wider, but it wasn't it wasn't slightly wider, but it wasn't it wasn't the bridge entry that cost me the time. the bridge entry that cost me the time. the bridge entry that cost me the time. It was the corner before because I It was the corner before because I It was the corner before because I couldn't I didn't get uh didn't get the couldn't I didn't get uh didn't get the couldn't I didn't get uh didn't get the entry right and it didn't get the entry right and it didn't get the entry right and it didn't get the rotation there. So, it was, rotation there. So, it was, rotation there. So, it was, let's just say it could be better.

[1:49:07] Imagine that, buddy. Imagine that. Imagine that, buddy. Imagine that. So, yeah, he's I believe he's second or So, yeah, he's I believe he's second or So, yeah, he's I believe he's second or third. Bam. Bam. Let's go, everyone.

[1:50:38] It would be nice that the slipstream was It would be nice that the slipstream was a little bit less effective, but that's a little bit less effective, but that's a little bit less effective, but that's [music] just what it is. You have to get [music] just what it is. You have to get [music] just what it is. You have to get used to it. I didn't want to overtake straight away I didn't want to overtake straight away because typically if you send it because typically if you send it because typically if you send it straight away like the whole [music]

[1:51:10] straight away like the whole [music] straight away like the whole [music] group gets a bit closer and I really group gets a bit closer and I really group gets a bit closer and I really don't want that.

[1:52:29] But no, but for sure there are like But no, but for sure there are like weeks where I'm just really not weeks where I'm just really not weeks where I'm just really not competitive competitive competitive and I really really struggle. But yeah, I guess that's just what it is. yeah, I guess that's just what it is. You need to have those weeks to You need to have those weeks to You need to have those weeks to appreciate [music] more of those better appreciate [music] more of those better appreciate [music] more of those better weeks, I guess.

[1:53:09] He's actually pretty quick here in the He's actually pretty quick here in the middle section. I don't know. behind I don't know. behind has a 1 second penalty. has a 1 second penalty. has a 1 second penalty. I might lose a place here. I mean, this race is won in the second I mean, this race is won in the second part of the race, not now.

[1:55:01] all the way. 500 [music] likes already. all the way. 500 [music] likes already. Thank you very much everyone. Thank you very much everyone. Thank you very much everyone. Thank you very much. Building Lego while watching this. Building Lego while watching this. Imagine a better day than this one.

[1:55:31] trigger. trigger. Yeah. I mean, let's see. I mean, let's see. I mean, let's see how all of this is going to let's see how all of this is going to let's see how all of this is going to go.

[1:57:01] Gambler, thank you for that. Gambler, thank you for that. Uh, I'll probably be streaming for uh, Uh, I'll probably be streaming for uh, Uh, I'll probably be streaming for uh, definitely for the next like couple of definitely for the next like couple of definitely for the next like couple of hours. What now? What now? I got Damian behind.

[1:57:42] defensive move rather than actually defensive move rather than actually trying to go for it.

[1:58:17] Okay. Either way, we need to pit now. Okay. Either way, we need to pit now. So, So, So, we'll just see if Manu is going to pit we'll just see if Manu is going to pit we'll just see if Manu is going to pit as well or he's going to stay out.

[1:59:07] Mhm. Mhm. He'll most likely pit. He'll most likely pit. He'll most likely pit. He pit it as well. He pit it as well. He pit it as well. Okay. softs are on Okay. softs are on Okay. softs are on 990 990 990 watching and 532 likes. Thank you very watching and 532 likes. Thank you very watching and 532 likes. Thank you very much everyone. I guess it's not a really good time to I guess it's not a really good time to embarrass myself if I do something embarrass myself if I do something embarrass myself if I do something stupid. So, stupid. So, stupid. So, this has to be good now.

[1:59:47] Oh, Oh, my guys are faster.

[2:00:35] I didn't want to lose a place, I didn't want to lose a place, but they had a feeling like I pushed but they had a feeling like I pushed but they had a feeling like I pushed them a little. Of

[2:01:21] I remember I remember when I was younger I remember I remember when I was younger and [music] first we got these online and [music] first we got these online and [music] first we got these online races races races and my mom used to tell me come on like and my mom used to tell me come on like and my mom used to tell me come on like pause the game pause the game pause the game you can't pause it. you can't pause it. you can't pause it. No. And 1,000. Oo, No. And 1,000. Oo, No. And 1,000. Oo, that looks insane. Damian is going to that looks insane. Damian is going to that looks insane. Damian is going to No, Damian is going to do it, but I'll No, Damian is going to do it, but I'll No, Damian is going to do it, but I'll do it as well.

[2:01:54] Go. Go. Okay, I actually got a place. Well done, Okay, I actually got a place. Well done, Okay, I actually got a place. Well done, Manu. Well done. Yikes. Okay, Yikes. Okay, it's a battlefield behind us.

[2:02:33] And right now I had to do my slowest lap And right now I had to do my slowest lap ever. Okay. So 610. Okay. Okay. So 610. Okay. Another penalty there.

[2:03:21] And the German behind me. 3/10. And the German behind me. 3/10. Mano 4. a thousand people. This must be some a thousand people. This must be some kind of a record for dailies. kind of a record for dailies. kind of a record for dailies. Is he going to do it? Of course he will. Is he going to do it? Of course he will. Is he going to do it? Of course he will. So, let's cover the inside.

[2:04:01] Hello shrooms. Hello shrooms. Let's go. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.

[2:05:13] Okay. I think he [music] went really Okay. I think he [music] went really wide there. He might pick up a penalty wide there. He might pick up a penalty wide there. He might pick up a penalty there. there. there. Okay. But I think they're all Okay. But I think they're all Okay. But I think they're all bombdrafting [music] bombdrafting [music] bombdrafting [music] each other. So, Mano, Mano, get ready to be overtaken.

[2:06:28] I know the Cayman is pretty good here, I know the Cayman is pretty good here, but let's see. Oh man, me against the whole slipstream Oh man, me against the whole slipstream train.

[2:07:13] I don't think it's going to be enough to I don't think it's going to be enough to keep the place.

[2:07:44] Oh, Oh, as you would see a bit of RGB bargy. And do you think I'm good? Let's see. And do you think I'm good? Let's see. Final lap. Final lap. Final lap. I got a bit of a gap to myself. I can chill now. I can chill now. Probably not. Yeah, definitely helped Probably not. Yeah, definitely helped Probably not. Yeah, definitely helped there.

[2:08:39] The wheel is going to be very close The wheel is going to be very close between us.

[2:09:16] Don't think he's gaining. I might get Don't think he's gaining. I might get this one. this one. this one. I might actually get this one. Wait a I might actually get this one. Wait a I might actually get this one. Wait a second. second. second. He is getting closer. There we go. There we go. A tent. [music] A tent to spare.

[2:09:47] Let's go, everyone. Let's go. Let's go, everyone. Let's go. Wow. Okay. Wow. Okay. Wow. Okay. I did not expect that it was going to be I did not expect that it was going to be I did not expect that it was going to be that [music] easy at the end. I really that [music] easy at the end. I really that [music] easy at the end. I really didn't, didn't, didn't, man. Thank you everyone. man. Thank you everyone. man. Thank you everyone. Yeah, the Cayman looks more than decent, Yeah, the Cayman looks more than decent, Yeah, the Cayman looks more than decent, but Creger definitely helped me there. but Creger definitely helped me there. but Creger definitely helped me there. And then I had just had a gap and that And then I had just had a gap and that And then I had just had a gap and that was it.

[2:10:28] And even Damian finished in third place. And even Damian finished in third place. Ker finished in fourth. Ker finished in fourth. Ker finished in fourth. That was a good one. Let's go. Let's get into the next one, Let's go. Let's get into the next one, then. then. then. Well, first of all, thank you guys. I Well, first of all, thank you guys. I Well, first of all, thank you guys. I mean, thank you once again. It's been mean, thank you once again. It's been mean, thank you once again. It's been well, it's been quite an eventful race, well, it's been quite an eventful race, well, it's been quite an eventful race, but it's definitely better to start at but it's definitely better to start at but it's definitely better to start at the top than to start at at the back of the top than to start at at the back of the top than to start at at the back of the field. I mean, that that's just what

[2:10:59] the field. I mean, that that's just what the field. I mean, that that's just what it is. Yeah, because Damian was constant like Yeah, because Damian was constant like third, fourth, third, fourth, and then third, fourth, third, fourth, and then third, fourth, third, fourth, and then at the end, I mean, I I don't know what at the end, I mean, I I don't know what at the end, I mean, I I don't know what happened. Picked up a penalty. happened. Picked up a penalty. happened. Picked up a penalty. I don't not allowed to be humble I don't not allowed to be humble I don't not allowed to be humble anymore. anymore. anymore. Let's Let's just brag about it. Yeah, I Let's Let's just brag about it. Yeah, I Let's Let's just brag about it. Yeah, I got first. No one can beat me anymore. Damon, please don't be that aggressive. Damon, please don't be that aggressive. I know some people are at the back, but

[2:11:34] but yeah, I mean, but yeah, I mean, it's just the way it is. You have to it's just the way it is. You have to it's just the way it is. You have to drive like that. Unfortunately, I don't drive like that. Unfortunately, I don't drive like that. Unfortunately, I don't really like this type of aggressive really like this type of aggressive really like this type of aggressive racing, but it's racing, but it's racing, but it's what either makes or breaks the race. what either makes or breaks the race. what either makes or breaks the race. So, that's just what it is. And Grover, So, that's just what it is. And Grover, So, that's just what it is. And Grover, thank you for that. Uh, Cayman or GTR? thank you for that. Uh, Cayman or GTR? thank you for that. Uh, Cayman or GTR? Um, Um, Um, I don't know. I never really felt like I don't know. I never really felt like I don't know. I never really felt like the Cayman was much for me. Uh, GTR felt the Cayman was much for me. Uh, GTR felt the Cayman was much for me. Uh, GTR felt really strong, but I don't think the really strong, but I don't think the really strong, but I don't think the tire wear is going to be that amazing.

[2:12:14] Now today it's going to be more of a Now today it's going to be more of a trying to be competitive type of stream trying to be competitive type of stream trying to be competitive type of stream and then might I might do something else and then might I might do something else and then might I might do something else like for example something that I did on like for example something that I did on like for example something that I did on uh on last Wednesday where I asked you uh on last Wednesday where I asked you uh on last Wednesday where I asked you guys to pick my cars and it was a guys to pick my cars and it was a guys to pick my cars and it was a disaster. Well, it wasn't a disaster. It was It Well, it wasn't a disaster. It was It was very good. But at the same time, I was very good. But at the same time, I was very good. But at the same time, I was I was really struggling.

[2:13:07] uh you have the [music] braking bias to uh you have the [music] braking bias to the rear. When it's all the way to the the rear. When it's all the way to the the rear. When it's all the way to the rear, you're getting more rotation of rear, you're getting more rotation of rear, you're getting more rotation of the back end. the back end. the back end. And typically, these cars are quite And typically, these cars are quite And typically, these cars are quite stable. So, no matter what you do, stable. So, no matter what you do, stable. So, no matter what you do, they're still going to be stable. they're still going to be stable. they're still going to be stable. But putting the braking bias to the rear But putting the braking bias to the rear But putting the braking bias to the rear kind of helps me a little bit kind of helps me a little bit kind of helps me a little bit to get slightly [music] more speed into to get slightly [music] more speed into to get slightly [music] more speed into the corner. the corner. the corner. But if even if it was zero, I think it But if even if it was zero, I think it But if even if it was zero, I think it would be fine as long as it's not the would be fine as long as it's not the would be fine as long as it's not the minus. minus. minus. It's just a little thing, nothing too It's just a little thing, nothing too It's just a little thing, nothing too dramatic.

[2:13:39] dramatic. dramatic. It depends on what kind of car it is. It depends on what kind of car it is. It depends on what kind of car it is. And yeah, guys, thanks for the likes and And yeah, guys, thanks for the likes and And yeah, guys, thanks for the likes and you know, in general, thank you for you know, in general, thank you for you know, in general, thank you for watching today.

[2:15:08] here. Three tins. [music] Yeah, it's here. Three tins. [music] Yeah, it's probably not going to be a good lap. or not better than what I did before. or not better than what I did before. Yeah.

[2:15:45] I mean, when you [music] find the lines I mean, when you [music] find the lines and when you just get into it, I don't and when you just get into it, I don't and when you just get into it, I don't think it's even that difficult. think it's even that difficult. think it's even that difficult. Some are, but most of it is just about Some are, but most of it is just about Some are, but most of it is just about picking the right gears and taking the picking the right gears and taking the picking the right gears and taking the right lines. Uh, Uh, yes, it does help with the tire tire yes, it does help with the tire tire yes, it does help with the tire tire management. management. management. So, for example,

[2:16:16] So, for example, So, for example, usually you have to keep an eye on the usually you have to keep an eye on the usually you have to keep an eye on the fronts here, not that much on the rears. fronts here, not that much on the rears. fronts here, not that much on the rears. So, I would put the brake and bias all So, I would put the brake and bias all So, I would put the brake and bias all the way to the rear. We put more load on the way to the rear. We put more load on the way to the rear. We put more load on the rear tires instead of the fronts. the rear tires instead of the fronts. the rear tires instead of the fronts. And then the fronts were would wear And then the fronts were would wear And then the fronts were would wear less. less. less. But also at the same time, you have to But also at the same time, you have to But also at the same time, you have to really think about it's not only these really think about it's not only these really think about it's not only these kind of little adjustments because kind of little adjustments because kind of little adjustments because braking bias is a tiny adjustment. You braking bias is a tiny adjustment. You braking bias is a tiny adjustment. You have to have like a different driving have to have like a different driving have to have like a different driving style. Like for example, look at this. I style. Like for example, look at this. I style. Like for example, look at this. I could go into the corner. I can break.

[2:16:54] Look at this. And even I can turn my Look at this. And even I can turn my wheel like this. Hear the tires. wheel like this. Hear the tires. wheel like this. Hear the tires. And it's actually slower. And it's actually slower. And it's actually slower. And also look at my front [music] left And also look at my front [music] left And also look at my front [music] left temp now. temp now. temp now. But I can go into the very similar But I can go into the very similar But I can go into the very similar corner and do something like this. It looks much smoother and I'm not It looks much smoother and I'm not really putting that that much load onto really putting that that much load onto really putting that that much load onto those onto those front tires.

[2:17:47] Let's go. Let's go. And uh how do you do that? I just turn And uh how do you do that? I just turn And uh how do you do that? I just turn less. Just turn less. I break slightly less. Just turn less. I break slightly less. Just turn less. I break slightly earlier and I break less. earlier and earlier and I break less. earlier and earlier and I break less. earlier and less and I turn less which is kind of less and I turn less which is kind of less and I turn less which is kind of difficult to explain in a minute but difficult to explain in a minute but difficult to explain in a minute but yeah yeah yeah that's just that's just that's just it's it's it's yeah I hope it gives you an idea on what yeah I hope it gives you an idea on what yeah I hope it gives you an idea on what to do but

[2:18:18] uh new update this week I mean we got uh new update this week I mean we got some interesting cars I'm just uh yeah I some interesting cars I'm just uh yeah I some interesting cars I'm just uh yeah I think the cater him is going to be think the cater him is going to be think the cater him is going to be That's good. That's going to be quite nice. Uh I That's going to be quite nice. Uh I don't know what else will they add in don't know what else will they add in don't know what else will they add in the game. I don't know.

[2:23:14] Yeah, I think he just missed his Yeah, I think he just missed his breaking point. breaking point. breaking point. He was trying to help me again. He was trying to help me again. He was trying to help me again. [snorts] Maybe. Maybe. Maybe. But there is no one behind us. But there is no one behind us. Like, okay, there is Seb. But then,

[2:23:47] okay, I think we have to like get away okay, I think we have to like get away from the rest of the field and then just from the rest of the field and then just from the rest of the field and then just go for it later.

[2:25:09] Yeah, I need to I need to take a Yeah, I need to I need to take a slightly different line there. slightly different line there. slightly different line there. I'm losing them on the straight. Yeah, I'm losing them on the straight. Yeah, I'm losing them on the straight. Yeah, plus five it is. Yeah, they just have a much better exit. Yeah, they just have a much better exit. I just need to slightly change my line I just need to slightly change my line I just need to slightly change my line and accelerate more in second. and accelerate more in second. and accelerate more in second. It's not that I'm losing a lot of time, It's not that I'm losing a lot of time, It's not that I'm losing a lot of time, but it's just a small change that I but it's just a small change that I but it's just a small change that I could make and could make and could make and it could definitely make my race a it could definitely make my race a it could definitely make my race a little bit faster.

[2:25:39] little bit faster. little bit faster. Yeah.

[2:27:05] I'll take that. And it looked that my I'll take that. And it looked that my line change worked. line change worked. line change worked. So it seems. Oh, and I have a second penalty. No. Oh, and I have a second penalty. No. Yeah, he needs to he needs to bet Yeah, he needs to he needs to bet Yeah, he needs to he needs to bet earlier.

[2:27:58] Okay, I think we will be fighting for Okay, I think we will be fighting for the win here. Manu and me. the win here. Manu and me. the win here. Manu and me. Kelly will be in front because of the Kelly will be in front because of the Kelly will be in front because of the new tires, but he will definitely new tires, but he will definitely new tires, but he will definitely struggle later. struggle later. struggle later. Or it's she. I still don't know. I think Or it's she. I still don't know. I think Or it's she. I still don't know. I think it's a he. it's a he. it's a he. Yeah, but 1.2 two.

[2:29:33] Typically, when you cross the line like Typically, when you cross the line like that, it's a 3se secondond penalty. Yeah, I think it's going to be a Yeah, I think it's going to be a penalty.

[2:30:38] potentially he's trying out a different potentially he's trying out a different strategy, but if he gets stuck behind, strategy, but if he gets stuck behind, strategy, but if he gets stuck behind, I don't know if that's going to be any I don't know if that's going to be any I don't know if that's going to be any good for him. Well, let's see now. Flat out. Well, let's see now. Flat out. That was lucky. That was lucky.

[2:31:46] Wow, he didn't really lose any time. He Wow, he didn't really lose any time. He lost a bit of time, but not much. That's actually quite surprising. That's actually quite surprising. Okay.

[2:33:25] I mean, now he's definitely going to be I mean, now he's definitely going to be faster than me. Uh, that's a funny thing that happened Uh, that's a funny thing that happened with Seb. He can't change his nickname with Seb. He can't change his nickname with Seb. He can't change his nickname anymore. anymore. anymore. I don't know how many times he changed I don't know how many times he changed I don't know how many times he changed it and now he can't.

[2:34:18] I mean, that's a mistake that a I mean, that's a mistake that a 13year-old would make.

[2:35:16] M might wait for the final lap, but M might wait for the final lap, but think he might even do it now. think he might even do it now. think he might even do it now. try to overtake. I won't [music] defend because I don't I won't [music] defend because I don't want Kelly to get us. Yeah.

[2:36:11] Oh. Oh. Oh, yeah. I think he's out of this race. Oh, yeah. I think he's out of this race. Oh, yeah. I think he's out of this race. Especially Especially Especially now with dirty tires.

[2:36:51] It seems like the overcut is more It seems like the overcut is more [music] powerful than the undercut.

[2:38:11] I think I'll be second if I don't make a I think I'll be second if I don't make a mistake.

[2:38:47] Yeah, Citroen is typically strong when Yeah, Citroen is typically strong when it comes to tire wear, it comes to tire wear, it comes to tire wear, but yeah, I should have I should have but yeah, I should have I should have but yeah, I should have I should have stayed out. stayed out. stayed out. should have put it when he put it. Then should have put it when he put it. Then should have put it when he put it. Then we would have a race like this.

[2:39:29] Well, second it's it's not bad, but it's Well, second it's it's not bad, but it's also not good. You know what? For the also not good. You know what? For the also not good. You know what? For the next time, I know next time, I know next time, I know bit later. Ocean. Hello. Hello. Once again, Ocean. Hello. Hello. Once again, Citroen tires are better than Porsches, Citroen tires are better than Porsches, Citroen tires are better than Porsches, [music] even if you do one more lap on [music] even if you do one more lap on [music] even if you do one more lap on the S. because it's just faster overall. the S. because it's just faster overall. the S. because it's just faster overall. It's not worth. It's not worth. It's not worth. [snorts] I mean, it's it's [music] a [snorts] I mean, it's it's [music] a [snorts] I mean, it's it's [music] a it's a Citroen cup basically

[2:40:03] qual. qual. Thank you. Thank you, casual driver. I should have stayed out. That's it. And I should have stayed out. That's it. And all of those that pitted earlier just all of those that pitted earlier just all of those that pitted earlier just lost more time.

[2:40:33] Overcut it is. Overcut it is. At least I know for next time. If you ask me like last week we had a If you ask me like last week we had a bit of diversity. Now we are back to the bit of diversity. Now we are back to the bit of diversity. Now we are back to the roots roots roots but it's also okay. but it's also okay. but it's also okay. Uh tire wear times four and you can see Uh tire wear times four and you can see Uh tire wear times four and you can see fuel is uh is times two.

[2:41:04] See See it's taking a while. Well, this weekend is going to be like Well, this weekend is going to be like this, but we also have Fuji, so I think this, but we also have Fuji, so I think this, but we also have Fuji, so I think it's going to be okay. And then on

[2:41:35] it's going to be okay. And then on it's going to be okay. And then on Thursday, there is an update. Most Thursday, there is an update. Most Thursday, there is an update. Most likely, it's going to be Thursday. likely, it's going to be Thursday. likely, it's going to be Thursday. [music] It usually is Thursday. Okay, let's let's [music] try to get a Okay, let's let's [music] try to get a better lap.

[2:42:05] You can rev the car, but it won't make You can rev the car, but it won't make much of a difference. Tire tires make much of a difference. Tire tires make much of a difference. Tire tires make more difference. more difference. more difference. Heat.

[2:44:23] I think it's very difficult to beat the I think it's very difficult to beat the lap that I set.

[2:45:30] Well, that gave me a slightly better Well, that gave me a slightly better angle for the exit of the corner.

[2:46:01] What car is being [music] driven? What car is being [music] driven? Yeah, the thing is that I don't know Yeah, the thing is that I don't know Yeah, the thing is that I don't know where I would put that information. Just another piece of information that I Just another piece of information that I don't know where to put maybe on top of maybe on top of I don't know. No, that that's okay. Now,

[2:46:52] It would need to be a lot better than It would need to be a lot better than this.

[2:47:40] Well, let's get into it Well, let's get into it again. Okay, again. Okay, again. Okay, Manu is running the Sylvia like how how Manu is running the Sylvia like how how Manu is running the Sylvia like how how is he going to make that work?

[2:48:37] Yeah, I don't know what to say now. Yeah, I don't know what to say now. Let's see.

[2:49:24] I'm curious to see how that's going to I'm curious to see how that's going to go.

[2:50:08] Oh no, Oh no, not so good. Okay, let's see.

[2:50:50] Now, if he can make it work, Now, if he can make it work, I can only say well done. I mean, Sylvia is a nice car. I just I I mean, Sylvia is a nice car. I just I don't know how how it even handles don't know how how it even handles don't know how how it even handles [music] here.

[2:51:54] Oh, it doesn't really handle that well. Oh, it doesn't really handle that well. Oh, no. That's a pen. That's a pen for Oh, no. That's a pen. That's a pen for Oh, no. That's a pen. That's a pen for me. me. me. Half a second for nothing.

[2:52:50] Oh, Daniel is behind me. I'll be Oh, Daniel is behind me. I'll be defensive here. Well, actually, that's my first penalty, Well, actually, that's my first penalty, so so so it's not so bad after all.

[2:54:56] Just a question. What is my car in real Just a question. What is my car in real life? life? life? Well, just recently I got a Toyota GR86. Well, just recently I got a Toyota GR86. Well, just recently I got a Toyota GR86. Well, uh, Well, uh, Well, uh, and I'm quite happy that I got it.

[2:55:30] I too far away? I too far away? I think I'm too far away to do anything. No, it's the It's the GR. The GT is the No, it's the It's the GR. The GT is the older version. older version. older version. Uh but 230 horsepower. [music]

[2:56:26] No, it's it's quite a light car. It's No, it's it's quite a light car. It's mean it's not light light, but at 1,200 mean it's not light light, but at 1,200 mean it's not light light, but at 1,200 kilos, I think that's considered light kilos, I think that's considered light kilos, I think that's considered light these days. these days. these days. It's pulling away from me. What's going It's pulling away from me. What's going It's pulling away from me. What's going on with my pace? on with my pace? on with my pace? Easy enough to turbo. enough to turbo. Oh yeah, I had to look into that.

[2:56:59] when I got it, I said to myself, you when I got it, I said to myself, you know what? It already looks pretty know what? It already looks pretty know what? It already looks pretty decent, so I don't want to do anything decent, so I don't want to do anything decent, so I don't want to do anything to it. and and every evening I'm just to it. and and every evening I'm just to it. and and every evening I'm just scrolling through different [music] scrolling through different [music] scrolling through different [music] websites of websites of websites of like trying to find some mods. And why am I not gaining on the traits? Like why am I not gaining on the traits? Like what's going on here?

[2:57:57] Okay. Okay. Oh, white. Oh, white. Oh, white. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. The the car can Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. The the car can Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. The the car can definitely go sideways, definitely go sideways, definitely go sideways, especially in the rain. Sometimes you just got to be careful. Sometimes you just got to be careful. It's not that you even want it to slide, It's not that you even want it to slide, It's not that you even want it to slide, but it just starts to slide.

[2:58:35] You know what? I'll stay out this time. You know what? I'll stay out this time. Let's see how that's going [music] to Let's see how that's going [music] to Let's see how that's going [music] to go. I don't think GT7 will ever be available I don't think GT7 will ever be available on PC. on PC. on PC. Imagine how many PlayStations they sold Imagine how many PlayStations they sold Imagine how many PlayStations they sold because of this game. So, it just wouldn't make sense to make So, it just wouldn't make sense to make it available on PC.

[2:59:07] No, rear wheel drive is what the car No, rear wheel drive is what the car needs. And needs. And needs. And I I don't I don't want to try it. No. I I don't I don't want to try it. No. I I don't I don't want to try it. No. Staying out. Let's see how that's going Staying out. Let's see how that's going Staying out. Let's see how that's going to go.

[2:59:38] Ah, modular inspiration. You're Ah, modular inspiration. You're absolutely right. absolutely right. absolutely right. But maybe not even faster, like not more But maybe not even faster, like not more But maybe not even faster, like not more horsepower, just more um more efficient, horsepower, just more um more efficient, horsepower, just more um more efficient, if that's the right word. I would say the right combination of I would say the right combination of weight and power. Well, in a lot of different things, but Well, in a lot of different things, but but before I got this car, I read so

[3:00:11] but before I got this car, I read so but before I got this car, I read so much about it online and I'm like, this much about it online and I'm like, this much about it online and I'm like, this seems like a very, very fun car. And I seems like a very, very fun car. And I seems like a very, very fun car. And I was thinking about the GRS was thinking about the GRS was thinking about the GRS because I love Toyotas because I love Toyotas because I love Toyotas and well, I love Japanese cars, first and well, I love Japanese cars, first and well, I love Japanese cars, first [music] of all. [music] of all. [music] of all. And I was looking at the car. I was And I was looking at the car. I was And I was looking at the car. I was looking at the GRS and looking at the GRS and looking at the GRS and you know I read that it's I mean also I you know I read that it's I mean also I you know I read that it's I mean also I watched some of the videos and I was watched some of the videos and I was watched some of the videos and I was like this car is incredibly fast for like this car is incredibly fast for like this car is incredibly fast for what it [music] is.

[3:00:41] what it [music] is. what it [music] is. Three cylinder 1.6 L engine turbo at 280 Three cylinder 1.6 L engine turbo at 280 Three cylinder 1.6 L engine turbo at 280 horsepower. Like what more could you horsepower. Like what more could you horsepower. Like what more could you possibly ask for? You know what it it's possibly ask for? You know what it it's possibly ask for? You know what it it's it's an amazing car for what it is. It's it's an amazing car for what it is. It's it's an amazing car for what it is. It's just an [music] amazing car. just an [music] amazing car. just an [music] amazing car. And then I was like, yeah, but it feels And then I was like, yeah, but it feels And then I was like, yeah, but it feels like a rally car. That's what they said. like a rally car. That's what they said. like a rally car. That's what they said. I mean, it is kind of a rally car. So, I mean, it is kind of a rally car. So, I mean, it is kind of a rally car. So, it [music] is more suited for it [music] is more suited for it [music] is more suited for it's more suited for this that style of it's more suited for this that style of it's more suited for this that style of driving. But if you want something driving. But if you want something driving. But if you want something [music] fun and something that, you

[3:01:12] [music] fun and something that, you [music] fun and something that, you know, it's going to, you know, you know, know, it's going to, you know, you know, know, it's going to, you know, you know, it's going to put a smile on your face it's going to put a smile on your face it's going to put a smile on your face and I think even GRS can do that. I was and I think even GRS can do that. I was and I think even GRS can do that. I was like, you know, I really would like that like, you know, I really would like that like, you know, I really would like that rearwheel drive car. rearwheel drive car. rearwheel drive car. And And And I would just really I would just really I would just really like to get the most out of it. I mean, like to get the most out of it. I mean, like to get the most out of it. I mean, when I saw those comparisons and when I saw those comparisons and when I saw those comparisons and everyone was like, "Yeah, probably the everyone was like, "Yeah, probably the everyone was like, "Yeah, probably the GRS is, let's say, it's more stable. GRS is, let's say, it's more stable. GRS is, let's say, it's more stable. It's more of a

[3:01:42] It's more of a It's more of a more of a proper, let's say, performance more of a proper, let's say, performance more of a proper, let's say, performance car, you know, for [music] WRC or rally car, you know, for [music] WRC or rally car, you know, for [music] WRC or rally driving. But if you really really want something But if you really really want something fun, that's what the GR86 is. fun, that's what the GR86 is. fun, that's what the GR86 is. Yeah, I'm looking at track days and uh I Yeah, I'm looking at track days and uh I Yeah, I'm looking at track days and uh I don't know if I'll make it. don't know if I'll make it. don't know if I'll make it. I need to do I need to do a check with I need to do I need to do a check with I need to do I need to do a check with my mechanic. Uh

[3:02:17] and I need to get new brakes on, and I need to get new brakes on, but the track day is on the 28th. but the track day is on the 28th. but the track day is on the 28th. [music] [music] [music] of August and I don't know if I'lluh if of August and I don't know if I'lluh if of August and I don't know if I'lluh if I'll have everything ready until then, but I would really like to do it. And but I would really like to do it. And it's also like a rookie track day, which it's also like a rookie track day, which it's also like a rookie track day, which is is is it's kind of good when you got when you it's kind of good when you got when you it's kind of good when you got when you don't want to kill a car.

[3:02:51] So, I'll have to see. I'll have to see So, I'll have to see. I'll have to see what it's going to be like, but what it's going to be like, but what it's going to be like, but I'm I'm really hoping to, you know, to I'm I'm really hoping to, you know, to I'm I'm really hoping to, you know, to get it on the track [music] in the next get it on the track [music] in the next get it on the track [music] in the next month or two months. What was my first car? What was my first car? It's not really the car that I owned. It It's not really the car that I owned. It It's not really the car that I owned. It was It was like an older car that we was It was like an older car that we was It was like an older car that we had. It was Scoda Octavalia, or as you had. It was Scoda Octavalia, or as you had. It was Scoda Octavalia, or as you say, Scoda, a Czech brand. say, Scoda, a Czech brand. say, Scoda, a Czech brand. Not what it is today. Today these cars

[3:03:22] Not what it is today. Today these cars Not what it is today. Today these cars are like basically Volkswagens, but are like basically Volkswagens, but are like basically Volkswagens, but a while ago they were pretty rough. New brake pads. Yeah, this is this is New brake pads. Yeah, this is this is what I would like to get.

[3:04:05] Will he back out of it? I think he will. Will he back out of it? I think he will. Got it. Got it. Got it. Now I got better tires. Now I need to Now I got better tires. Now I need to Now I got better tires. Now I need to push. That's indestructible. That's indestructible. Well, actually it did around 300k, Well, actually it did around 300k, Well, actually it did around 300k, I think. Yeah. I think. Yeah. I think. Yeah. No. Yeah. Like, yeah, something like No. Yeah. Like, yeah, something like No. Yeah. Like, yeah, something like that. And then just the engine fell that. And then just the engine fell that. And then just the engine fell apart.

[3:04:36] apart. apart. The gearbox is so [music] rough. I think The gearbox is so [music] rough. I think The gearbox is so [music] rough. I think if you want to do some kind of if you want to do some kind of if you want to do some kind of adjustments, you just need a hammer. And I'm not sure if it's in drivable And I'm not sure if it's in drivable condition. I think they still have the condition. I think they still have the condition. I think they still have the car. I haven't seen it in a while. car. I haven't seen it in a while. car. I haven't seen it in a while. It doesn't really bring back good It doesn't really bring back good It doesn't really bring back good memories. [snorts] It's the shifting is memories. [snorts] It's the shifting is memories. [snorts] It's the shifting is like so rough. like so rough. like so rough. Yeah. Shodan and Lada. I mean, they are Yeah. Shodan and Lada. I mean, they are Yeah. Shodan and Lada. I mean, they are I would say they're pretty similar when I would say they're pretty similar when I would say they're pretty similar when it comes to reliability.

[3:05:11] I mean, they are pretty reliable for I mean, they are pretty reliable for what they are. I mean, if you need a if what they are. I mean, if you need a if what they are. I mean, if you need a if you need to fix something, you basically you need to fix something, you basically you need to fix something, you basically need a hammer. That's it. need a hammer. That's it. need a hammer. That's it. But know that one is a 20 or more years But know that one is a 20 or more years But know that one is a 20 or more years old, that car. No, no, they are, No, no, they are, as I said before, they are different as I said before, they are different as I said before, they are different cars [music] these days. They're much cars [music] these days. They're much cars [music] these days. They're much better in my opinion. better in my opinion. better in my opinion. They're not even close to, you know,

[3:05:42] They're not even close to, you know, They're not even close to, you know, what they were back in the day. Not even what they were back in the day. Not even what they were back in the day. Not even like 10 years ago, like 10 years ago, like 10 years ago, 10, 15 years ago, [music] let's say. 10, 15 years ago, [music] let's say. 10, 15 years ago, [music] let's say. But the older ones were But the older ones were But the older ones were Yeah. old. Yeah. P5. Yeah, that penalty killed the Yeah. P5. Yeah, that penalty killed the race, but okay. It doesn't know. I mean, I feel It doesn't know. I mean, I feel something is a little bit off here. I

[3:06:12] something is a little bit off here. I something is a little bit off here. I don't know what it is. Maybe I'm just don't know what it is. Maybe I'm just don't know what it is. Maybe I'm just not fast enough. I should be going faster, [music] not I should be going faster, [music] not slower.

[3:06:45] Yeah, I just have a feeling like I was Yeah, I just have a feeling like I was faster in the previous races. 2023. [music] That's a good car. That's 2023. [music] That's a good car. That's a good car, man. Yeah, oil isn't supposed to affect the Yeah, oil isn't supposed to affect the car's [music] performance

[3:07:29] 2010 WRX. 2010 WRX. Oh, okay. I remember those even earlier [music] I remember those even earlier [music] models. I mean, models. I mean, models. I mean, when I was when I was a kid, I was like, when I was when I was a kid, I was like, when I was when I was a kid, I was like, I need to get a Subaru one day. That's I need to get a Subaru one day. That's I need to get a Subaru one day. That's that's an absolute must. And it was that's an absolute must. And it was that's an absolute must. And it was always the question of what [music] is always the question of what [music] is always the question of what [music] is better, the Lancer or the WRX. I mean, both brands kind of died in that I mean, both brands kind of died in that space. So,

[3:08:01] space. So, space. So, I think we'll never really find, we'll never really find, let's say, let's say, let's say, newer versions of those cars and even newer versions of those cars and even newer versions of those cars and even make them comparable because it's just not the same. it's just not the same. But what really surprised me is that But what really surprised me is that But what really surprised me is that Toyota keeps on making these fun cars. Toyota keeps on making these fun cars. Toyota keeps on making these fun cars. I mean, they make everything. They make I mean, they make everything. They make I mean, they make everything. They make like hybrids. I don't think they make

[3:08:31] like hybrids. I don't think they make like hybrids. I don't think they make electric cars. [music] electric cars. [music] electric cars. [music] They they make hybrids, but uh they They they make hybrids, but uh they They they make hybrids, but uh they still make fun cars, which is very rare.

[3:09:13] Mano, he made it work. Uh, the thing is Mano, he made it work. Uh, the thing is that I'll have to change something here. that I'll have to change something here. that I'll have to change something here. I don't know what. Yeah, my fuel consumption right now I Yeah, my fuel consumption right now I think is like 9 liters 9.5 [music] think is like 9 liters 9.5 [music] think is like 9 liters 9.5 [music] and that's like casual driving like and that's like casual driving like and that's like casual driving like nothing nothing special just casual 202 slightly faster race but I don't 202 slightly faster race but I don't know I'll try changing oil it's not know I'll try changing oil it's not know I'll try changing oil it's not supposed to make a difference but let's

[3:09:45] supposed to make a difference but let's supposed to make a difference but let's see see see they make fun cars only because Morizo they make fun cars only because Morizo they make fun cars only because Morizo is the [music] boss without him all is the [music] boss without him all is the [music] boss without him all sports car programs will be cancelled sports car programs will be cancelled sports car programs will be cancelled they even named And the GR I think is they even named And the GR I think is they even named And the GR I think is the GR Corolla or the GR Yurus Morizo the GR Corolla or the GR Yurus Morizo the GR Corolla or the GR Yurus Morizo version. version. version. Uh I think it's the Corolla or Yarus or maybe it's I don't know. Maybe it's or maybe it's I don't know. Maybe it's the Yurus and it has a Morizo mode.

[3:10:16] the Yurus and it has a Morizo mode. the Yurus and it has a Morizo mode. I would have to check that online. Yeah, I'll I'll have to I'll have to Yeah, I'll I'll have to I'll have to wash the car. So, let's wash the car and wash the car. So, let's wash the car and wash the car. So, let's wash the car and maybe both. Huh? It's the C. Maybe both. maybe both. Huh? It's the C. Maybe both. maybe both. Huh? It's the C. Maybe both. Uh, wait a second. Uh, let's wash the Uh, wait a second. Uh, let's wash the Uh, wait a second. Uh, let's wash the car and let's change the oil. So, you had a little a bit of a mess So, you had a little a bit of a mess behind. Oil is normal. Let's change it.

[3:11:04] All of those like little cars and not All of those like little cars and not little, but when you compare it to, little, but when you compare it to, little, but when you compare it to, let's say, a BMW, it is fairly small. Doesn't the oil change wash the car as Doesn't the oil change wash the car as well? I'm sure it doesn't make any kind of I'm sure it doesn't make any kind of difference, but let's see.

[3:11:41] Manual. Manual. Let's go. I just got a C7 Corvette with Oh, I just got a C7 Corvette with Oh, C7. Oh, man. I was at the I was at the C7. Oh, man. I was at the I was at the C7. Oh, man. I was at the I was at the Red Bull ring. That was in April or May. Red Bull ring. That was in April or May. Red Bull ring. That was in April or May. I think it was in April. I think it was in April. I think it was in April. And no, that was maybe the C. Wait a And no, that was maybe the C. Wait a And no, that was maybe the C. Wait a second. That was maybe the C8. just

[3:12:18] ah that was the C8. Ah, sorry. ah that was the C8. Ah, sorry. But in my opinion, the C7 looked But in my opinion, the C7 looked But in my opinion, the C7 looked that still looks better. that still looks better. that still looks better. And now I'm checking. Wait a second. And now I'm checking. Wait a second. And now I'm checking. Wait a second. Grarus Morizo concept is a special edition model concept is a special edition model created with Toyota Motor Corporation created with Toyota Motor Corporation created with Toyota Motor Corporation chairman and master driver Akido Toyota chairman and master driver Akido Toyota chairman and master driver Akido Toyota aka Morizo

[3:12:56] the GR Yaris Morizo RR for Japanese the GR Yaris Morizo RR for Japanese market is going to be available in total market is going to be available in total market is going to be available in total of 100 units of 100 units of 100 units through a purchasing lottery. through a purchasing lottery. through a purchasing lottery. Okay. Okay. Okay. Wow. What a gym. I think after a while we What a gym. I think after a while we will realize what kind of gym that guy will realize what kind of gym that guy will realize what kind of gym that guy is. And I don't know if I I think it was And I don't know if I I think it was Carw Wow. Carw Wow. Carw Wow. I think it was

[3:13:27] I think it was I think it was uh I think it was [music] carow that uh I think it was [music] carow that uh I think it was [music] carow that went and yeah, I think it was he went to went and yeah, I think it was he went to went and yeah, I think it was he went to the testing circuit or the testing the testing circuit or the testing the testing circuit or the testing facility of Toyota Toyota and they facility of Toyota Toyota and they facility of Toyota Toyota and they showed him what they were working on and showed him what they were working on and showed him what they were working on and like they're trying to extract even more like they're trying to extract even more like they're trying to extract even more horsepower from [music] that 3cylinder horsepower from [music] that 3cylinder horsepower from [music] that 3cylinder engine and like engine and like engine and like soon it's going to have like 500 [music] soon it's going to have like 500 [music] soon it's going to have like 500 [music] horsepower.

[3:14:07] maybe one day. maybe one day. Even the ordinary yards. Let's see if my car wash did the trick. Let's see if my car wash did the trick. [screaming]

[3:14:59] Yeah, but unfortunately we are not lucky Yeah, but unfortunately we are not lucky enough to have it in Europe. enough to have it in Europe. enough to have it in Europe. They even stopped selling the GR86 which They even stopped selling the GR86 which They even stopped selling the GR86 which is But what I found online, there is like a But what I found online, there is like a whole, whole, whole, how do you even call it? Like this whole how do you even call it? Like this whole how do you even call it? Like this whole GR86, not even a community. It's more of

[3:15:29] GR86, not even a community. It's more of GR86, not even a community. It's more of a dedicated follow group or something that dedicated follow group or something that is like is like is like more into it than just a community.

[3:17:17] Yeah, I don't think it's better. It's Yeah, I don't think it's better. It's the same. the same. the same. Uh GTR not a better option in the game. Well, the GTR is pretty good in the Well, the GTR is pretty good in the qualifying, but I don't think it would qualifying, but I don't think it would qualifying, but I don't think it would be that great in the race. be that great in the race. be that great in the race. No, if you really drive economically, if you really drive economically, consumption can drop as low as 2.8. consumption can drop as low as 2.8. consumption can drop as low as 2.8. Eight.

[3:18:14] mediums. mediums. And let's try not to be slow.

[3:19:07] Is it going to be a hybrid? Is it going to be a hybrid? It's probably I don't know. Heard some It's probably I don't know. Heard some It's probably I don't know. Heard some rumors that it's probably going to be a rumors that it's probably going to be a rumors that it's probably going to be a hybrid. The average fuel consumption of ARS The average fuel consumption of ARS hybrid owners is 4.5 L.

[3:21:46] We need to get closer there, but I'm not We need to get closer there, but I'm not sure if he's on the [music] mediums or sure if he's on the [music] mediums or sure if he's on the [music] mediums or softs there. I'll give him a push. Yeah. softs there. I'll give him a push. Yeah. softs there. I'll give him a push. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, definitely a push here. Please don't hit it. Come on. I don't Please don't hit it. Come on. I don't know if I should give him another push know if I should give him another push know if I should give him another push here. It's It's quite narrow.

[3:22:19] here. It's It's quite narrow. here. It's It's quite narrow. A

[3:23:23] I wouldn't be surprised because it's I wouldn't be surprised because it's He's really really fast there. 1.5. I mean, I don't know if he's on the 1.5. I mean, I don't know if he's on the mediums. Well done, man. But I don't mediums. Well done, man. But I don't mediums. Well done, man. But I don't know.

[3:25:08] Let's see. I mean, I'm trying to really Let's see. I mean, I'm trying to really really focus here.

[3:25:48] I don't know what to do now. To defend I don't know what to do now. To defend or not to defend.

[3:26:28] I guess not to defend but they are going I guess not to defend but they are going for it. Okay.

[3:27:32] I'm not sure if they will give me I'm not sure if they will give me another push here, but if they get close, I can't defend but if they get close, I can't defend it.

[3:29:38] bit I guess. Yeah, bit I guess. Yeah, he's on the mediums, isn't [music] he? he's on the mediums, isn't [music] he? he's on the mediums, isn't [music] he? He's on the mediums. What pace on the He's on the mediums. What pace on the He's on the mediums. What pace on the mediums?

[3:30:35] Okay, if we want to catch him, Okay, if we want to catch him, we need to do a few bum drift.

[3:31:51] Not a good exit. But yeah, but he's Not a good exit. But yeah, but he's flying. He is just flying. He is just flying. Absolutely flying there. I mean, I got away from them, but he got I mean, I got away from them, but he got away from me.

[3:32:22] Yeah, it's going to be good if I can Yeah, it's going to be good if I can even keep this one even keep this one even keep this one or just keep it here [music] in second or just keep it here [music] in second or just keep it here [music] in second place or I think. Okay, now he made him place or I think. Okay, now he made him place or I think. Okay, now he made him a little mistake, I think.

[3:33:23] Oh yeah, definitely he's much better Oh yeah, definitely he's much better there.

[3:33:53] Man will most likely [music] send it Man will most likely [music] send it now. now. now. Heat. Heat.

[3:35:03] Okay. Okay. Yeah, this is a fight for second place Yeah, this is a fight for second place Yeah, this is a fight for second place here.

[3:35:58] would have a second penalty. Seb is also would have a second penalty. Seb is also behind.

[3:36:45] Yeah, the only thing that can happen is Yeah, the only thing that can happen is that he picks up a penalty.

[3:38:19] Okay, even the cap lead is dropping. Okay, even the cap lead is dropping. Maybe because he was just killing the Maybe because he was just killing the Maybe because he was just killing the tires. tires. tires. That could explain the pace.

[3:39:57] Or maybe maybe maybe I won't. Maybe I Or maybe maybe maybe I won't. Maybe I won't. won't. won't. Maybe I won't. Maybe I just won't. Maybe I just won't. Well, in the end it was actually a good Well, in the end it was actually a good Well, in the end it was actually a good race. Yeah, it was [music] it was very race. Yeah, it was [music] it was very race. Yeah, it was [music] it was very close in the end,

[3:40:52] Yeah, let me let me just quickly check Yeah, let me let me just quickly check what happened to him. I think he killed what happened to him. I think he killed what happened to him. I think he killed his tires. That's why his pace is so his tires. That's why his pace is so his tires. That's why his pace is so good at the beginning and then it just good at the beginning and then it just good at the beginning and then it just drops towards the end of the race. But drops towards the end of the race. But drops towards the end of the race. But let's see. Thanks guys once again. Let's have a Thanks guys once again. Let's have a look. I mean, I'm curious to see what's look. I mean, I'm curious to see what's look. I mean, I'm curious to see what's going on here with the tires. Okay. going on here with the tires. Okay. going on here with the tires. Okay. H not as much though. Or maybe he just H not as much though. Or maybe he just H not as much though. Or maybe he just Okay, Okay, Okay, it's not significantly more.

[3:41:36] Well, I actually had good tires. Well, I actually had good tires. Maybe I can push more. Okay, these Oh, okay. What happened to Okay, these Oh, okay. What happened to this guy? this guy? this guy? Oh no. Oh no. Oh no. Oh no. Yeah. Probably if he backed off a little Yeah. Probably if he backed off a little bit. I would do the same.

[3:42:31] now look at the difference. They can't now look at the difference. They can't turn through the middle. He goes, "No, no, through the middle. He goes, "No, no, they just can't turn." they just can't turn." they just can't turn." But when did they pit? &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; Left five.

[3:43:14] yeah. yeah. Yeah, that kills the tires. Oh, it was kick. Oh, it was kick. Let's just see. Bam. Let's just see. Bam. Let's just see. Bam. 90. Uh, it was it was just turning the Uh, it was it was just turning the [music] wheel too much.

[3:43:53] 90 again. 90 again. Yeah. Like constantly locking the wheel. Yeah. Like constantly locking the wheel. Yeah. Like constantly locking the wheel. I mean, I've seen this I've seen this I mean, I've seen this I've seen this I mean, I've seen this I've seen this quite a few times. quite a few times. quite a few times. It could work in the qualifying. It It could work in the qualifying. It It could work in the qualifying. It doesn't mean, for example, you're quick doesn't mean, for example, you're quick doesn't mean, for example, you're quick or slow, but when you got into where or slow, but when you got into where or slow, but when you got into where when you get into the race like this one when you get into the race like this one when you get into the race like this one where you just need to save the tires a where you just need to save the tires a where you just need to save the tires a bit, it it's just going to be a mess and bit, it it's just going to be a mess and bit, it it's just going to be a mess and you will lose a lot of time just by you will lose a lot of time just by you will lose a lot of time just by well, basically you just need to turn well, basically you just need to turn well, basically you just need to turn less and that's what it is.

[3:44:23] less and that's what it is. less and that's what it is. So, let's get into another one. So, let's get into another one. So, let's get into another one. Let's see how that one is going to go. Let's see how that one is going to go. Let's see how that one is going to go. But Lynville saying my DR is crashing. But Lynville saying my DR is crashing. But Lynville saying my DR is crashing. That's not bueno. I would say

[3:45:51] Uh, it's not guessing. This is not Uh, it's not guessing. This is not guessing. If you use a command DR, guessing. If you use a command DR, guessing. If you use a command DR, wait a second, um, it will show you the whole process um, it will show you the whole process and how to do it. Basically, all you have to do is just Basically, all you have to do is just find your profile in the players find your profile in the players find your profile in the players database and click on refresh the art.

[3:46:44] do some challenges. What kind of do some challenges. What kind of challenges do you think that I should challenges do you think that I should challenges do you think that I should do?

[3:47:43] Okay. Okay. mediums again. Raise Bes get a 1,00% bonus. I'll do Raise Bes get a 1,00% bonus. I'll do that. Sadly, Nightbot, I assume that's why Sadly, Nightbot, I assume that's why what you use, gets blocked in my chat what you use, gets blocked in my chat what you use, gets blocked in my chat while my block list is empty. while my block list is empty. while my block list is empty. I'm using the nightbutt and I guess you I'm using the nightbutt and I guess you I'm using the nightbutt and I guess you can see it here. I don't know. can see it here. I don't know. can see it here. I don't know. Are you still running the three green

[3:48:14] Are you still running the three green Are you still running the three green springs uh with the new Yes. Yes, I am. springs uh with the new Yes. Yes, I am. springs uh with the new Yes. Yes, I am. Yes, I am. I'll try to do one thing. So, Yes, I am. I'll try to do one thing. So, Yes, I am. I'll try to do one thing. So, for example, you see this spring? This for example, you see this spring? This for example, you see this spring? This is the red one. I got two of these red is the red one. I got two of these red is the red one. I got two of these red springs that are 35 springs that are 35 springs that are 35 uh mm instead of the the original 32. So, instead of having one that it's So, instead of having one that it's longer, I would like to try it with this longer, I would like to try it with this longer, I would like to try it with this one. one. one. Or I might swap this one just to get the Or I might swap this one just to get the Or I might swap this one just to get the same feeling like the

[3:48:47] same feeling like the same feeling like the Yeah. So it's so it's kind of the same. Yeah. So it's so it's kind of the same. Yeah. So it's so it's kind of the same. So I don't have like three different So I don't have like three different So I don't have like three different springs inside. But I mean now we are talking about very But I mean now we are talking about very very tiny adjustments. Chubby dude very tiny adjustments. Chubby dude very tiny adjustments. Chubby dude pretty good. What about you man? So, you're saying if you play on the So, you're saying if you play on the controller, directional buttons, you controller, directional buttons, you controller, directional buttons, you can't steer. I play with the analog can't steer. I play with the analog can't steer. I play with the analog sticks. Don't play with directional sticks. Don't play with directional sticks. Don't play with directional buttons.

[3:49:23] I think the game optimizes it in a way I think the game optimizes it in a way so you can't even turn as much. [music] so you can't even turn as much. [music] so you can't even turn as much. [music] Let's see. Well, it's it's quite okay. Well, it's it's quite okay. I'm surprised it's it is really not that bad. it's it is really not that bad. Well, just as I said it.

[3:50:42] They're so quick now. What's going on? They're so quick now. What's going on? Let's go. I have I think I have to be a little bit I have I think I have to be a little bit more aggressive with my steering wheel.

[3:52:11] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat.

[3:53:08] At first I thought, you know, it's over. At first I thought, you know, it's over. They got away. No, but I think the most important part No, but I think the most important part in these races is just like turning less in these races is just like turning less in these races is just like turning less and that's just what it [music] is.

[3:55:28] in some of the races. I think even uh in some of the races. I think even uh Kster explained it a few times. Kster explained it a few times. Kster explained it a few times. The controller The controller The controller is [music] quite good on some of the is [music] quite good on some of the is [music] quite good on some of the circuits, but is quite a disadvantage on circuits, but is quite a disadvantage on circuits, but is quite a disadvantage on some of the others. And it [music] some of the others. And it [music] some of the others. And it [music] really depends on, for example, how fast really depends on, for example, how fast really depends on, for example, how fast the combo is and how sharp the turns the combo is and how sharp the turns the combo is and how sharp the turns are. And you know there are like a lot are. And you know there are like a lot are. And you know there are like a lot of these of these of these different things that [music] different things that [music] different things that [music] come into play for the controller versus come into play for the controller versus come into play for the controller versus the wheel. So

[3:55:58] yeah, you you could have a good day, you yeah, you you could have a good day, you could have a bad day, you can have, you could have a bad day, you can have, you could have a bad day, you can have, you know, the combo that suits you or just know, the combo that suits you or just know, the combo that suits you or just that it actually suits the controller that it actually suits the controller that it actually suits the controller more.

[3:57:09] Let me Let me Yeah, I I need to get closer to them. I Yeah, I I need to get closer to them. I Yeah, I I need to get closer to them. I can't afford [music] to make a mistake can't afford [music] to make a mistake can't afford [music] to make a mistake now.

[3:58:37] Uh, racing mediums and racing soft Uh, racing mediums and racing soft tires.

[3:59:25] I switched to wheel in the middle of I switched to wheel in the middle of endurance championship because of the endurance championship because of the endurance championship because of the tire wear issue. Of course, the switch tire wear issue. Of course, the switch tire wear issue. Of course, the switch made me even slower. made me even slower. made me even slower. Uh yeah, it's Uh yeah, it's Uh yeah, it's it's actually difficult to get used to it's actually difficult to get used to it's actually difficult to get used to the wheel.

[4:00:11] But my only mission now is to get closer But my only mission now is to get closer to them

[4:01:27] I'm in the middle of nowhere now. I I'm in the middle of nowhere now. I mean, I just got to Oh, Oh, I mean, I have to hope that they will I mean, I have to hope that they will I mean, I have to hope that they will fight later.

[4:02:56] I get closer, then I get closer, then I don't. And then it just goes like I don't. And then it just goes like I don't. And then it just goes like that. But without a little help, But without a little help, I don't know. Bump.

[4:03:32] They're getting further and further They're getting further and further away.

[4:08:04] I mean might move on the outside. I I mean might move on the outside. I think that was good. But

[4:08:38] &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; Yeah, I mean I think it was &gt;&gt; Yeah, I mean I think it was &gt;&gt; Yeah, I mean I think it was I don't know what else I could have done I don't know what else I could have done I don't know what else I could have done there.

[4:09:09] But I think I'm too far away now to get But I think I'm too far away now to get the wind. I think I would sit slightly too far I think I would sit slightly too far away. No, I have to check that one. I don't No, I have to check that one. I don't think anything was wrong on my end think anything was wrong on my end think anything was wrong on my end there.

[4:09:44] I'll have to check that. I'll have to check that. I think it was a little I think it was a little I think it was a little dive bomb there. let's see. Thank you everyone. Thank let's see. Thank you everyone. Thank you. Let's have a look.

[4:10:35] now only Citroen's here. now only Citroen's here. Yeah, I was struggling. I was really Yeah, I was struggling. I was really Yeah, I was struggling. I was really struggling at the beginning of the race. struggling at the beginning of the race. struggling at the beginning of the race. I just couldn't follow them I just couldn't follow them I just couldn't follow them and then He even had better tires than me this He even had better tires than me this time. time. time. [music]

[4:11:21] &gt;&gt; Man just didn't have anywhere else to &gt;&gt; Man just didn't have anywhere else to go. Well, I mean, everything would have been Well, I mean, everything would have been okay if it wasn't for that contact. okay if it wasn't for that contact. okay if it wasn't for that contact. But at the same time, it But at the same time, it But at the same time, it wasn't too bad. I don't know why he wasn't too bad. I don't know why he wasn't too bad. I don't know why he lifted there, though.

[4:12:29] I tried. I tried. I tried. I just I tried. I tried. I tried. I just couldn't get close. couldn't get close. couldn't get close. It looked okay, I think. Yeah. It looked okay, I think. Yeah. It looked okay, I think. Yeah. Let me just see one thing. Let me just see one thing. Let me just see one thing. What gear is he using to rotate Yeah, slightly different line. Yeah, slightly different line. I I was a little late.

[4:12:59] I I was a little late. I I was a little late. I was a little late there. That's okay. I mean, in the end, it was much better I mean, in the end, it was much better than what I expected than what I expected than what I expected because because because here I almost thought it was over. here I almost thought it was over. here I almost thought it was over. They even had better tires than me.

[4:13:33] Yeah, Yeah, you only get VRS by qualifying for a you only get VRS by qualifying for a you only get VRS by qualifying for a live event. Yes, only 30 people in the live event. Yes, only 30 people in the live event. Yes, only 30 people in the world have this. So, let's call it the racing incident. So, let's call it the racing incident. That's what it was. But it was still a That's what it was. But it was still a That's what it was. But it was still a good race. good race. good race. But I mean, as it usually But I mean, as it usually But I mean, as it usually goes on goes on goes on Mondays and after 4 hours of streaming, Mondays and after 4 hours of streaming, Mondays and after 4 hours of streaming, it's time to call it a day.

[4:14:07] It's time to have a final verdict of It's time to have a final verdict of this week. As usual, uh, daily racing this week. As usual, uh, daily racing this week. As usual, uh, daily racing seems to be quite okay. seems to be quite okay. seems to be quite okay. Racing is fine. Like the slipstream is a Racing is fine. Like the slipstream is a Racing is fine. Like the slipstream is a bit too powerful, but yeah, what can you bit too powerful, but yeah, what can you bit too powerful, but yeah, what can you do? It's It's okay. I don't mind. Um, do? It's It's okay. I don't mind. Um, do? It's It's okay. I don't mind. Um, special stage RTX. I don't know what to special stage RTX. I don't know what to special stage RTX. I don't know what to say about that one. say about that one. say about that one. And it's a one lap race

[4:14:38] which starts in [music] 2 minutes which starts in [music] 2 minutes and no DR and sportsmanship updates. and no DR and sportsmanship updates. and no DR and sportsmanship updates. H. H. H. What are the laps? What are the laps? What are the laps? Four minutes. Yeah, I'll probably save it for another Yeah, I'll probably save it for another day. day. day. It would be a parade without that It would be a parade without that It would be a parade without that slipstream. Yeah, I mean it would be slipstream. Yeah, I mean it would be slipstream. Yeah, I mean it would be almost impossible to overtake there. almost impossible to overtake there. almost impossible to overtake there. Like the dirtier air is

[4:15:08] Like the dirtier air is Like the dirtier air is quite dirty. [music] But yeah, race B has some deer gains. I But yeah, race B has some deer gains. I wonder why. Typically Fuji is is a good track to Typically Fuji is is a good track to race on. Yeah, [music] Porsches. A million Porsches here. A million Porsches here. Well, Well, Well, you're saying [music] do it. you're saying [music] do it. you're saying [music] do it. Should I do it?

[4:15:39] What is the best car? What is the best car? Qu Qu Qu Let's do it. Ah, one thing. One thing that I will Ah, one thing. One thing that I will probably have to do. probably have to do. probably have to do. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Nitrous. Okay. Nitrous. Okay. Nitrous. Okay. But one of the things that you But one of the things that you But one of the things that you definitely have to do if you're doing definitely have to do if you're doing definitely have to do if you're doing this race, this race, this race, counter steering assistance counter steering assistance counter steering assistance and this

[4:16:15] so the car becomes [music] so the car becomes [music] indestructible. Okay. Do I have it napped? I [music] Okay. Do I have it napped? I [music] think I do.

[4:17:03] even if you let go of the wheel, nothing even if you let go of the wheel, nothing happens. You see

[4:17:35] in the slip the RX7. Seven. in the slip the RX7. Seven. So, I made a mistake. Okay, this is definitely my final race Okay, this is definitely my final race of the day. of the day. of the day. But what about the other cars? For But what about the other cars? For But what about the other cars? For example, example, example, do I have the NUS?

[4:18:17] [music] [music] Okay, Okay, Okay, thank you. I think luck is all I need thank you. I think luck is all I need thank you. I think luck is all I need here. here. here. And no breaks. I can rest my uh breaking And no breaks. I can rest my uh breaking And no breaks. I can rest my uh breaking foot. And by the way guys, I wanted to say And by the way guys, I wanted to say before I mean I thought of ending the before I mean I thought of ending the before I mean I thought of ending the stream. Uh thank you for all of the stream. Uh thank you for all of the stream. Uh thank you for all of the likes today and even just for watching. likes today and even just for watching. likes today and even just for watching. Thank you.

[4:18:48] Thank you. Thank you. Oh, let's have some fun. Oh, let's have some fun. Oh, let's have some fun. Uh nitrous. Uh nitrous. Uh nitrous. Hope not to mix my nitrous Hope not to mix my nitrous Hope not to mix my nitrous with the handbrake. It wouldn't be good.

[4:20:21] Oh, guys spinning. Okay, Oh, guys spinning. Okay, let me let me just follow them. let me let me just follow them. let me let me just follow them. They're using the nitrous too soon, I They're using the nitrous too soon, I They're using the nitrous too soon, I think.

[4:21:15] I think we should stay on the outside I think we should stay on the outside there. there. there. Or no. Oh man. 4 second penalty there. A 4 second 4 second penalty there. A 4 second penalty here. penalty here. penalty here. Okay. Yeah, that is typically game over. Okay. Yeah, that is typically game over. Okay. Yeah, that is typically game over. And just like that, I found myself in And just like that, I found myself in And just like that, I found myself in fifth place.

[4:22:12] This is all about surviving the straight This is all about surviving the straight here.

[4:22:55] I think it's in the middle of the final I think it's in the middle of the final turn. I just need to press [music] turn. I just need to press [music] turn. I just need to press [music] the nitrous, isn't it?

[4:23:25] No. No. Why did I get a 4 secondond penalty? I guess that's how you serve a penalty. I guess that's how you serve a penalty. But why did they get a 4 secondond But why did they get a 4 secondond But why did they get a 4 secondond penalty there?

[4:23:56] So you're saying that no one else got a So you're saying that no one else got a penalty? I got a penalty. I bumped the car on the outside and he I bumped the car on the outside and he spun. spun. spun. Everyone was bumped in other cars.

[4:24:34] I might do a few of these later in the I might do a few of these later in the week. week. week. I went over the line, that's for sure. But yeah, but that is just horrible. I But yeah, but that is just horrible. I can agree with you on that one. can agree with you on that one. can agree with you on that one. A room that's like [music] never

[4:25:10] Imagine doing that to a real Pagani Imagine doing that to a real Pagani Huayra. Never mind. Right now, I'm going to call Never mind. Right now, I'm going to call it a day. I'm going to thank you once it a day. I'm going to thank you once it a day. I'm going to thank you once again for all of the likes and for just again for all of the likes and for just again for all of the likes and for just watching me today as usual and for I watching me today as usual and for I watching me today as usual and for I mean all of all of the new subscribers, mean all of all of the new subscribers, mean all of all of the new subscribers, guys. [music] So, as usual, it's been a guys. [music] So, as usual, it's been a guys. [music] So, as usual, it's been a pleasure. I will be back on Wednesday as pleasure. I will be back on Wednesday as pleasure. I will be back on Wednesday as usual. Uh I think on Thursday there will usual. Uh I think on Thursday there will usual. Uh I think on Thursday there will be an update. There is usually an update

[4:25:40] be an update. There is usually an update be an update. There is usually an update on Thursday when they announce it of on Thursday when they announce it of on Thursday when they announce it of course. course. course. So So So yeah, that is that is pretty much going yeah, that is that is pretty much going yeah, that is that is pretty much going to be about it. to be about it. to be about it. We'll do more of these meme races, but I We'll do more of these meme races, but I We'll do more of these meme races, but I think I'm going to go to Fuji. Fuji think I'm going to go to Fuji. Fuji think I'm going to go to Fuji. Fuji seems to be interesting. and then later seems to be interesting. and then later seems to be interesting. and then later on Thursday we can do on Thursday we can do on Thursday we can do we can do these. we can do these. we can do these. But yeah, you're saying first time But yeah, you're saying first time But yeah, you're saying first time properly tuned in. Hopefully you enjoy properly tuned in. Hopefully you enjoy properly tuned in. Hopefully you enjoy it. But hey, who cares about the

[4:26:10] it. But hey, who cares about the it. But hey, who cares about the contact? It's a meme race after all. contact? It's a meme race after all. contact? It's a meme race after all. Guys, uh take it easy. Once again, thank Guys, uh take it easy. Once again, thank Guys, uh take it easy. Once again, thank you very much for watching and uh yeah, you very much for watching and uh yeah, you very much for watching and uh yeah, I'll be back.
---
Generated by https://youtube-transcript.ai — free YouTube transcript & summary extractor.
Interactive version (with AI chat & translation): https://youtube-transcript.ai/?v=O-AfZNXuGBg